Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Anytype: Private Notes
Any AssociationProductivity (Applications)Free
Alerts

Anytype: Private Notes
Anytype: Private Notes
Anytype: Private Notes
Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Anytype: Private Notes
Productivity (Applications)
Free
App Description
Anytype is your everyday companion to help you take back ownership of your digital life - starting with your notes, documents, tasks, and ideas. Everything you create in Anytype is E2E encrypted, offline-accessible, and p2p synced. Anytype supports block-based editing, templates, tables, databases, bookmarks, code snippets, and more.

Why use Anytype?

PRIVATE & SECURE BY DESIGN
We use state-of-the-art technologies to shard, hash, and protect your data, which is decrypted by a key that only you know. That means that nobody - whether hackers, governments, or Anytype - can access your data.


OFFLINE-FIRST

Whether on an airplane or in the woods, you never have to worry about a good Internet connection to use Anytype. All features & functionalities are supported offline, and synced in your local network.


OPEN CODE FOR AN OPEN FUTURE
Our repositories are open for anyone to verify our promises. Please join our contributors' community to learn how you can contribute: https://github.com/orgs/anyproto/discussions

SEAMLESS SYNC BETWEEN DEVICES

Your account data will sync across devices in your local network that have Anytype installed - no need for cloud-based sync.

YOURS TO OWN, FOREVER

Anything you create on anytype is saved on-device. Self-hosting is possible, which means you can never be blocked from your own data or account.

With Anytype, you can:
-Quickly jot down notes and ideas and connect them to your local knowledge graph
-Safekeep digital versions of your essential documents and take them with you on the go
-Save & organize bookmarks from the web
-Seamlessly connect your thoughts in a knowledge graph
-Find out more at: anytype.io


Our code base: https://github.com/anyproto
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.63
Total Displayed Ratings
269

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 0.27.1 (Jan 22, 2024)
    Bug fixes
    - Fixed: Can't choose exact date in Date relation
    - Fixed: Can't add a relation to set via +
    - Other small fixes
Version 0.27.0 (Dec 22, 2023)
    Happy December, Anytypers! To celebrate a great year, we’re happy to announce one final release to cap off 2023. With that, we wish you a very happy festive season and a great start to 2024.
    Here’s what’s in store:

    

New Features:

    - Backlinks v1: Now live!

    Backlinks and forward links have been implemented as relations on all platforms, and can be found in the relations panel of any object.

By default, if an object already has backlinks, the backlinks will be displayed as a featured relation, indicating the number of backlinks and - when clicked the linked objects. If an object has no backlinks, the relation will not be featured, but can be located in your relations panel.


    - Object Creation from Widget
    
It’s now possible to create new objects directly from the widgets you’ve added to your homsecreen. Slide left to reveal the new widget + button. Any objects created in this manner will automatically be added to the widget you’ve selected.



    - Configurable Network Settings
    
Configurable settings for self-hosting and local-only mode for your data have been introduced on all platforms! To change your sync settings, log out of your account and tap the settings wheel in the top right of the window. There, you’ll see options to choose Self-hosting or Local-only.




    Improvements:

    - Redesigned Navigation Panel

    The navigation panel has been redesigned for a sleeker experience in line with SwiftUI standards. A back button has been added to the navigation panel, meanwhile the search button is only visible from the homescreen, and replaced with a widget (homescreen) button in object view.
    

    - Set & Collection creation now supported in Editor
    By using the /set or /collection commands, you can create a new set or collection from mobile.

    - Grouping added to Recently Edited / Recently Opened Widgets
    
For easier navigation, when opening Recently Edited or Recently Opened widgets, your objects will be grouped according to ‘Today’, ‘Yesterday’, ‘Previous 7 days’ and ‘Older’.


    - Sharing Extension Contextual Tips Implemented
    
For users creating bookmarks or sharing links in the app, we’ve implemented some tips that indicate how to install the iOS sharing extension for easier copying of web content to Anytype.


    - Redesigned App Update Popup
    For outdated versions of the app, we’ve redesigned the popup prompt to remind users to update versions.



    Bug fixes
    - Fixed: Sharing extension button now works more smoothly and does not automatically open Anytype app
    - Fixed: Opened .jpg files no longer reupload as larger .jpeg files (Thanks, Phoebus!)
    - Fixed: Profile image no longer is distorted after upload
Version 0.26.0 (Nov 21, 2023)
    Hello, Anytypers! Throughout September and October, we were hard at work putting together this release, packed with new features to carry you right through to the holiday season.
    Here’s what’s in store:

    New Features:
    - Multispaces
    They’re here! The crowning jewel across all platforms for this release is the introduction of multispaces, which will allow you to separate which objects, widgets, and eventually - users - comprise your space.

    Spaces are synced across your devices, and you can toggle between them by selecting your profile image in the bottom navigation bar. To manage your space settings, including default object type, wallpapers, storage and deletion, tap the space widget at the top of your homescreen.

    - Sharing Extension
    iOS share sheet has also been delivered with this release, permitting you to share text or URL content directly to Anytype. Text can be saved as either new Note objects or text blocks within an existing object. URLs meanwhile, can be saved as new Bookmark objects or text blocks within an existing object. You’ll be prompted to select the target space and object when using the share sheet function.

    Improvements:

    - Redesigned Settings Menu for Sets & Collections
    Tapping the settings menu in any set or collection now opens a sleek, minimal menu with options to adjust the view name, or open sub-menus to manage the view type, displayed relations, filters, and sorts.

    - Default Type selection now possible for Collections & Sets by Relation
    For Collections & Set by Relation, tapping the down caret next to the ‘New’ button will allow you to adjust which type is implemented by default when creating new objects. Tapping on any type will open a preview of all templates you’ve created for that type, which you can also select from this menu. Finally, you can also select ‘edit’ from this menu to edit or duplicate any of your existing templates.

    - First version of localized iOS interface
    Thanks to the help of our contributors, six new languages are available on the iOS interface! These include: simplified Chinese, Indonesian, Norwegian, Brazilian Portuguese, Spanish, and Ukrainian. If you’d like to contribute to the translation of your own native language on mobile, you can get started here!

    Bugs fixes:
    - Fix navigation view appearing in editor.
    - Shake to undo sensitivity improvements.
    - Link to object (Note) does not display the name.
    - Unable to make changes in object after opening object settings.
    - Project object preview has an incorrect icon.
    - Editor’s loading / shimmering state has a light background color.
    - Code blocks don't show the right language.
    - Copy/pasting a toggle block only pastes the header
Version 0.25.1 (Sep 20, 2023)
    Greetings, Anytype iOS fans! This month, we’re shipping several little polishes to make the iOS experience smoother, as we prep for some big drops in our next releases.
    Here’s what’s in store:

    *New Features:*
    - Default types & templates now supported in Collections & Sets-by-Relation
    Your default object type (and its default template) will now be applied to objects newly created in collections and sets-by-relation. This update is part of a larger project to make template and type management intuitive on iOS, so expect more updates here in our next release.

    *Improvements:*
    - Deleted Objects Visible in Read-Only Mode
    It’s now possible to open and preview objects that have been moved to bin. Deleted objects will show a trash can icon in the object header, and must be restored in order to edit.

    - Updated Onboarding Flow
    We’ve adjusted the text and sequence of the onboarding flow to make it simpler for users creating new Anytype accounts on mobile, with an emphasis on the Recovery Phrase.

    - Icon placeholders removed from all search screens
    Previously, objects with no icon would show a placeholder icon in search menus. These placeholder icons have now been removed for minimal clutter.

    *Fixes:*
    - Login problems fixed
Version 0.24.1 (Aug 18, 2023)
    Happy mid-August, Anytypers!

    This month, we’ve focused on delivering some serious upgrades to your templates workflows on iOS, in addition to a few polishes and fixes. Let’s go!

    New Features:

    Templates can now be previewed & selected from sets

    Upon opening any set, you’ll find that the ‘New’ button to create objects now has a new toggle button on its right. By tapping on this toggle, you’ll open a menu which displays previews of all templates that you’ve created for this type.
    From here, you can select the template you wish to proceed with (including a ‘blank’ template).

    Introduction of editing & duplicating options for templates

    From the above menu you can long-press any template preview, which will generate a new menu which gives you the options to edit or duplicate the template. Tapping ‘Edit template’ will open the template in the editor, and any changes you make will be synced on all devices.

    In case you like the structure of one of your templates and just want to have a slightly modified option, you can tap ‘Duplicate’ which will, as the name implies, create a duplicate of the template you’ve selected.

    Default templates can be defined for each set view

    In addition to the ‘edit’’ and ‘duplicate’ function, you can also choose whether you’d like to apply a template by default to the given set view. This means that each time you create a new object from set, the default template will be auto-applied.

    Introduction of Recently Edited widget

    Previously you had the option of ‘Recents’ as a widget, which displayed recently opened objects on your device, and was not synced to other devices. Now, you can choose between ‘Recently Opened’ if you’re fine with the current functionality, or alternatively, you can choose ‘Recently Edited’ as a widget source. Note that only the latter option will be synced cross-device due to the distributed nature of the application.

    Improvements:

    Colorful recovery phrase

    We’ve injected a dose of color to your recovery phrase screen for purposes of 1) joy and 2) greater consistency with the desktop experience.

    Introduced limits on text in recovery phrase input field

    It is no longer possible to input an infinite string of text in the recovery phrase window - we have introduced limits of 12 words with maximum 8-characters each, whose standards are consistent with those of the BIP-39 protocol used to generate user recovery phrases.

    Fixes:

    Fixed: Deleted files now appear in the bin.
Version 0.24.0 (Aug 16, 2023)
    Happy mid-August, Anytypers!

    This month, we’ve focused on delivering some serious upgrades to your templates workflows on iOS, in addition to a few polishes and fixes. Let’s go!

    New Features:

    Templates can now be previewed & selected from sets

    Upon opening any set, you’ll find that the ‘New’ button to create objects now has a new toggle button on its right. By tapping on this toggle, you’ll open a menu which displays previews of all templates that you’ve created for this type.
    From here, you can select the template you wish to proceed with (including a ‘blank’ template).

    Introduction of editing & duplicating options for templates

    From the above menu you can long-press any template preview, which will generate a new menu which gives you the options to edit or duplicate the template. Tapping ‘Edit template’ will open the template in the editor, and any changes you make will be synced on all devices.

    In case you like the structure of one of your templates and just want to have a slightly modified option, you can tap ‘Duplicate’ which will, as the name implies, create a duplicate of the template you’ve selected.

    Default templates can be defined for each set view

    In addition to the ‘edit’’ and ‘duplicate’ function, you can also choose whether you’d like to apply a template by default to the given set view. This means that each time you create a new object from set, the default template will be auto-applied.

    Introduction of Recently Edited widget

    Previously you had the option of ‘Recents’ as a widget, which displayed recently opened objects on your device, and was not synced to other devices. Now, you can choose between ‘Recently Opened’ if you’re fine with the current functionality, or alternatively, you can choose ‘Recently Edited’ as a widget source. Note that only the latter option will be synced cross-device due to the distributed nature of the application.

    Improvements:

    Colorful recovery phrase

    We’ve injected a dose of color to your recovery phrase screen for purposes of 1) joy and 2) greater consistency with the desktop experience.

    Introduced limits on text in recovery phrase input field

    It is no longer possible to input an infinite string of text in the recovery phrase window - we have introduced limits of 12 words with maximum 8-characters each, whose standards are consistent with those of the BIP-39 protocol used to generate user recovery phrases.

    Fixes:

    Fixed: Deleted files now appear in the bin.
Version 0.23.4 (Jul 19, 2023)
    The crowning feature of this release is our new onboarding flow, which has been designed to orient new users with the concepts of spaces, identities, and fundamentals regarding how we protect your data.
    While this flow is primarily targeted towards new users who are experiencing Anytype for the first time on iOS, veteran users will also notice some snazzy updates to the interface upon logging in and out of the app.
Version 0.23.0 (Jul 14, 2023)
    The crowning feature of this release is our new onboarding flow, which has been designed to orient new users with the concepts of spaces, identities, and fundamentals regarding how we protect your data.
    While this flow is primarily targeted towards new users who are experiencing Anytype for the first time on iOS, veteran users will also notice some snazzy updates to the interface upon logging in and out of the app.
Version 0.22.0 (Jun 15, 2023)
Version 0.22.1 (Jun 15, 2023)
    Greetings Anytypers, and welcome to our first release in the App store! We couldn’t be more excited to kick off our app store launch with this huge update which includes an integrated Anysync protocol, plus spaces, widgets, and collections.
    Before we get to the good stuff, an important note:

    If you were a member of the alpha testing community before mid-May 2023, you will need to perform an account migration via your desktop device before using this version. The previous iOS version is no longer valid and will not sync with your other devices. For detailed instructions, please update to the latest version of the legacy desktop app.

    New Features:

    Widgets

    With widgets, you now have the ability to customize your homescreen. Widgets can be comprised of ‘Favorites’, ‘Recents’, ‘Sets’, ‘Collections’, or any object in your anytype. Change the widget view by long tapping any widget, or add or delete widgets by tapping the ‘Edit Widgets’ button.
    Any changes you make on your iOS homescreen will reflect on your desktop sidebar, and vice versa.

    Spaces

    Spaces are here! Your bottom navigation menu now shows your space icon; tapping it will open your space and profile settings where you can adjust your space name and icon.

    Collections

    Another friendly addition you’ll notice in this release is that of Collections: folder-like structures whose UI presents similarly with that of sets, but which can include any object of your choosing.
    To create a collection, simply tap the plus button and select ‘Collection’ as your object type. From there, any object can be linked to this collection or created directly from the collection itself. We hope you’ll enjoy this feature!

    ‘About screen’ redesign

    Our about screen has been redesigned with much more robust options for navigating support, including release notes, community and documentation links, and a ‘Contact us’ option.

    Fixes:

    Fixed: WEBP images now supported
    Fixed: Relation blocks of uninstalled relations are now updating to correctly reflect deleted states
    Fixed: App icon options in the Appearance menu are correctly highlighting when selected
    Fixed: It is no longer possible to reference the current object when using @ mentinos
    Fixed: Haptic feedback has been disabled while scrolling in DnD mode
    Fixed: Set title input UX now includes a ‘Done’ button
    Fixed: ‘Logout’ and ‘Account delete’ window titles are now displaying correctly

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Omnivore: Read-it-later
Logseq
Amplenote
Mem - AI Notes, Search & Chat
Notesnook: Private note taking
Twos: Remember & Share Things
Superlist - Tasks & Lists
Routine: Calendars & Tasks
Raindrop.io
Tana Capture
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Tool
Tool
Apps that add a tool, technology, or functionality to the device, such as ruler, screen mirror, calculator and etc.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    0.27.1
    Current release
    Jan 22, 2024
    0.27.0
    Dec 22, 2023
    0.26.0
    Nov 21, 2023
    0.25.1
    Sep 20, 2023
    0.24.1
    Aug 18, 2023
    0.24.0
    Aug 16, 2023
    0.23.4
    Jul 19, 2023
    0.23.0
    Jul 14, 2023
    0.22.0
    Jun 15, 2023
    0.22.1
    Jun 15, 2023

See More
About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Productivity

Initial Release Date
    Jun 15, 2023

Worldwide Release Date
    Jul 14, 2023

Last Updated Time
    Feb 23, 2024

Version
    0.27.1

Size
    132.88 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    Português, Alemão, Chinês simplificado, Espanhol, Francês, Indonésio, Inglês, Italiano, Norueguês bokmål, Russo, Ucraniano

Seller
    Any Association

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requer o iOS 15.0 ou posterior. Compatível com iPhone, iPad e iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    io.anytype.app

Has Game Center
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 6449487029
Unified App ID: 1000800000193138

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Anytype: Private Notes | data.ai
