Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Brainstorming
Guillaume CendreProductivity (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Guillaume Cendre

    Brainstorming
    Brainstorming

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Brainstorming
Find new ideas quickly
Productivity (Applications)
Free
App Promotional Text
Think further.
App Description
Brainstorming assists you with your creative process by allowing you to interact with your thought hierarchy in a very intuitive and engaging way. Discover thematic clouds automatically generated from your initial subject. Harness a participative database and suggestions from thousands of users just like you. Discover nouns, verbs, adverbs, adjectives and antonyms. Populate it with your own images, sketches, voice memos and URL links. Browse cultural references such as movies and TV shows, art history or even Wikipedia articles.

Keep your Brainstormings forever by creating a free account, so you can share them with your friends and colleagues, open and edit them without limit. Search and discover our community's public Brainstormings to gather fresh ideas and share yours.

Creative investigations, catchphrases, names, themes... Simplify and streamline your Brainstormings !


Subscribing to Brainstorming Premium for 1,99€/mois allows you to :

- Break the 10 synonyms limits for free users to get unlimited words and creativity
- Add your own images, artistic references, movies and more to your Brainstorming
- Export and share your Brainstorming with the world



These prices apply to United States residents. Prices may vary in other countries respecting your local currency exchange rate. Your subscription will be charged to your iTunes account. At the end of the term, unless auto-renewables subscriptions are disabled, your subscription will automatically renew in your iTunes account. You will be charged for the regular price of your subscription within 24 hours prior to the end of the current term. You can turn off automatic renewal in your iTunes account settings at any time, but you must do so at least 24 hours before the end of the current term. Refunds will not be provided for the unused portion of any term.

Find more informations about the terms of use and the confidentiality policy of Brainstorming on https://brainstormi.ng/policy !
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
3.98
Total Displayed Ratings
128

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 3.0.3 (Apr 10, 2022)
    Export your Brainstormings as PDF or image file
    Get a QR code to share your Brainstormings with anyone
    Get an HTML embed code to show a Brainstorming in your webpage
    More settings to adjust the app's appearance and interaction methods
Version 2.3.0 (Oct 22, 2021)
    Discover a completely reengineered version of Brainstorming. Faster and more functional than ever, major improvements were brought across the whole app's ecosystem. We redesigned everything, from our servers to the entire rendering engine to make Brainstorming the most reliable mind-mapping app for you. Give it a try, it's free !
Version 2.2.3 (Dec 28, 2020)
    NEW

    • Spark new ideas with the brand new Brainstorming Widget for iOS 14. It will automatically update with random words and their associated Brainstormings. Get daily food for thought.


    IMPROVED

    • Enhanced the positioning of elements along the Z-axis.
    • Fixed some elements not showing up properly after updating to iOS 14.
    • Fixed minor bugs as well as an issue that prevented users from picking images from their library in iOS 14.
Version 2.2.2 (Nov 13, 2020)
    NEW

    • Spark new ideas with the brand new Brainstorming Widget for iOS 14. It will automatically update with random words and their associated Brainstormings. Get daily food for thought.

    IMPROVED

    • Enhanced the positioning of elements along the Z-axis.
    • Fixed some elements not showing up properly after updating to iOS 14.
    • Fixed a bug that prevented users from picking images from their library in iOS 14.
Version 2.2.1 (Oct 4, 2020)
    • New element types to add to your Brainstormings :
    - Voice memos : Record your voice or sounds.
    - Hyperlinks : add references from all around the Web.
    - Wikipedia articles : discover and quote the most trusted knowledge source.
    - Sketches : express your creative ideas with drawings.
    - Scan : add documents, posters and much more by scanning with your device's camera.
    • New Light and Dark themes
    • Show different result types with the Shuffle feature.
    • Create your Brainstorming account so you can keep your Brainstormings forever !
    • Discover, search, open, edit and share any Brainstorming from the brand new Library.
    • Even more gestures to interact with your cloud and its hierarchy.
    • Recovery : you'll never loose a Brainstorming ever again. Each time you perform an operation on a Brainstorming, a safety copy is updated on disk so it can be recovered if the app closed before you saved it.
    • Reorder the "New Element" menu items to access your favorite features in a flash.
    • Share your Brainstorming with the world with a QR Code.

    The 2.2.1 release brings major bug fixes as well as performance, accessibility and interaction enhancements.
Version 2.2 (Sep 20, 2020)
    • New element types to add to your Brainstormings :
    - Voice memos : Record your voice or sounds.
    - Hyperlinks : add references from all around the Web.
    - Wikipedia articles : discover and quote the most trusted knowledge source.
    - Sketches : express your creative ideas with drawings.
    - Scan : add documents, posters and much more by scanning with your device's camera.
    • New Light and Dark themes
    • Show different result types with the Shuffle feature.
    • Create your Brainstorming account so you can keep your Brainstormings forever !
    • Discover, search, open, edit and share any Brainstorming from the brand new Library.
    • Even more gestures to interact with your cloud and its hierarchy.
    • Recovery : you'll never loose a Brainstorming ever again. Each time you perform an operation on a Brainstorming, a safety copy is updated on disk so it can be recovered if the app closed before you saved it.
    • Reorder the "New Element" menu items to access your favorite features in a flash.
    • Share your Brainstorming with the world with a QR Code.
Version 2.1 (Nov 12, 2019)
    Good news ! Multi-level brainstormings are now available to free users !
    Your favorite vocabulary application now fully supports iOS 13 !
    The language view can be dismissed by dragging
    Get synonyms' definitions by long pressing them !
    Introducing new node type : Image Search and Movies (documentaries, TV shows, etc) !
    Some brand new parallax and motion goodness
    Fixes some minor bugs
Version 2.0 (Jul 5, 2019)
    A whole new way to interact with your Brainstorming was thought out for this second version :

    Access your Brainstorming's global view at any time.
    Add your own words, your own images as well as art references to your Brainstorming.
    Export your Brainstorming to the web to show it to the world and share it.
    Disable the cloud's inertia for a better control and enhanced graphics performances.
    Manage your Brainstorming dynamically : remove and add elements at any stage of your investigation.
Version 1.2 (Nov 21, 2018)
    - Brainstorming is now available in English !
    - As of the 19th of November 2018, the price of Brainstorming Premium changes
Version 1.1 (Nov 13, 2018)
    • Changement de base de données : encore plus de synonymes français qu'avant, avec leurs définitions.
    • Nouvelles animations et amélioration générale de l'interface
    • Découvrez Brainstorming Premium :
    - Créez vos brainstormings à plusieurs niveaux en reprenant les synonymes trouvés successivement
    
 - Accédez à un historique des mots sélectionnés avec leurs définitions

    - Explosez la limite de synonymes (maximum 7 pour les utilisateurs gratuits)
Version 1.0 (Oct 18, 2018)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Inclr: Mindmap Notes Organizer
Thought: Empty Your Mind
Mindscope - Thought Organizer
Escape - Mind Map & Outline
KnowledgeBase Builder
brain-storm
Mind Mapping
Mind mapping - Starlink
Deer - Todo & MindMap & Note
xTiles: notes, tasks, projects
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    3.0.3
    Current release
    Apr 10, 2022
    2.3.0
    Oct 22, 2021
    2.2.3
    Dec 28, 2020
    2.2.2
    Nov 13, 2020
    2.2.1
    Oct 4, 2020
    2.2
    Sep 20, 2020
    2.1
    Nov 12, 2019
    2.0
    Jul 5, 2019
    1.2
    Nov 21, 2018
    1.1
    Nov 13, 2018
    1.0
    Oct 18, 2018

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Brainstorming Premium
    $1.99
    Brainstorming Platinum
    $3.99

About

Required Devices
    Mac, iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Productivity

Initial Release Date
    Oct 18, 2018

Worldwide Release Date
    Oct 19, 2018

Last Updated Time
    Mar 4, 2024

Version
    3.0.3

Size
    94.11 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English, Arabic, French, German, Hindi, Indonesian, Irish, Italian, Japanese, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Turkish, Vietnamese

Seller
    Guillaume Cendre

Content Rating
    Rated 17+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    me.cendre.brainstorming

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Support Url

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1438964773

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Brainstorming | data.ai
				
				
				
				
				
	