Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Notes: Note, Memo, Voice Notes
Planning Technologies LLCProductivity (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Planning Technologies LLC

    Notes: Note, Memo, Voice Notes
    Notes: Note, Memo, Voice Notes

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Notes: Note, Memo, Voice Notes
Note Taking, Sticky Note
Productivity (Applications)
Free
App Promotional Text
MC Notes: Don't miss out on the important things! Write, draw, bring to life. Your creativity is in your hands.
App Description
MC Notes will help you make event plans, write down inspiring ideas for creativity, and keep track of important to-do lists. Take notes, and save them right on your phone.

Whether at home, at work, or on the go, your notes are always at your fingertips
Organize your notes easily in the way you like
Do a quick search by priority, or pin the notes you use most often in the top position

MC Notes
Main functions:
Easy control with a simple drag and drop;
View in convenient formats (board, list);
Handy filters;
Option to create local accounts without restrictions;
Grouping into lists;
Day and night modes of the user interface;
Other settings to suit your personal preferences.

Enjoy some of these features for free or activate the Pro version to get more. The Pro version is available as a monthly subscription or with a one-time payment.

Some of the advanced features:
● Voice notes
● Attaching files of any size in any quantity
● Printing
● Checklist for each note
● Access to full data backup and recovery;
● Locking the application;
● Forwarding notes

No ads or annoying pop-ups, a truly outstanding user interface!

No need for Internet access, giving you more privacy, security and stability!

Download the MC Notes app and manage your time efficiently!

Our team constantly monitors the software and regularly updates the app; for any questions or suggestions you may contact: notes@plantech.app

Terms of Use:
https://mcnote.app/terms_of_use.html

Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.84
Total Displayed Ratings
51

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 1.8 (Dec 24, 2023)
    Your personal assistant for creativity and productivity, MC Notes, has become even better! In this update, we've made several improvements to make your notes more inspiring and organized.



    What's new in this MC Notes update:



    Minor bugs have been fixed for even greater stability.



    Your notes are always at your fingertips, no matter where you are.

    Update MC Notes now and manage your time more efficiently!



    To avoid data loss, make periodic backups.

Version 1.7 (Dec 9, 2023)
    Your personal assistant for creativity and productivity, MC Notes, has become even better! In this update, we've made several improvements to make your notes more inspiring and organized.

    What's new in this MC Notes update:

    Minor bugs have been fixed for even greater stability.

    Your notes are always at your fingertips, no matter where you are.
    Update MC Notes now and manage your time more efficiently!

    To avoid data loss, make periodic backups.
Version 1.6 (Oct 6, 2023)
    Your personal assistant for creativity and productivity, MC Notes, has become even better! In this update, we've made several improvements to make your notes more inspiring and organized.



    What's new in this MC Notes update:



    Minor bugs have been fixed for even greater stability.

    Full compatibility with iOS 17, so you can enjoy the app at a new level.



    Your notes are always at your fingertips, no matter where you are.

    Update MC Notes now and manage your time more efficiently!
Version 1.5 (Sep 1, 2023)
    Immerse yourself in the world of efficient note management with MC Notes – your indispensable companion for organization and creativity!



    What's new in this update?



    Refreshed design: We've revamped the printing function, making your notes not only more structured but also visually inspiring.



    Bug fixes: Our team has diligently worked on eliminating the tiniest glitches to make your user experience even more flawless. We value your time and productivity.



    Your feedback matters to us! We're looking forward to your questions, feedback, and suggestions. Reach out to us at support@plantech.app to collaboratively create the perfect app for you.
Version 1.4 (Jun 18, 2023)
    MC Notes will help you make event plans, write down inspiring ideas for creativity, and keep track of important to-do lists.

    Our team constantly monitors the software and regularly updates the app; for any questions or suggestions you may contact: support@plantech.app



    In this update:

    Added ability to draw

    Implemented improvements in functionality
Version 1.3 (Dec 1, 2022)
    MC Notes will help you make event plans, write down inspiring ideas for creativity, and keep track of important to-do lists.
    Our team constantly monitors the software and regularly updates the app; for any questions or suggestions you may contact: support@plantech.app

    In this update:
    Voice widget. Now you can create note with a single tap

    Change icons to the user's choice

    Implemented improvements in functionality.
Version 1.2 (Aug 17, 2022)
    MC Notes will help you make event plans, write down inspiring ideas for creativity, and keep track of important to-do lists.

    Our team constantly monitors the software and regularly updates the app; for any questions or suggestions you may contact: support@plantech.app

    In this update:

    We have implemented improvements in functionality
Version 1.1 (Feb 18, 2022)
    MC Notes will help you make event plans, write down inspiring ideas for creativity, and keep track of important to-do lists.
    Our team constantly monitors the software and regularly updates the app; for any questions or suggestions you may contact: support@mcontrol.com
    In this update:
    We have implemented improvements in functionality.
Version 1.0 (Nov 5, 2021)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Notex – the best notes
Daily planner & Life organizer
Calendar Reminders Time Notes
To Do List - Habit tracker
To-Do List・Daily Planner・Tasks
My Tasks: To-Do List & Planner
Voice Diary - Note-Taking
Audio Recorder: Voice Memos
Sticky Notes: Cute Memo Widget
Singularity To Do List, Tasks
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Tool
Tool
Apps that add a tool, technology, or functionality to the device, such as ruler, screen mirror, calculator and etc.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    1.8
    Current release
    Dec 24, 2023
    1.7
    Dec 9, 2023
    1.6
    Oct 6, 2023
    1.5
    Sep 1, 2023
    1.4
    Jun 18, 2023
    1.3
    Dec 1, 2022
    1.2
    Aug 17, 2022
    1.1
    Feb 18, 2022
    1.0
    Nov 5, 2021

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    MC Notes PRO (Forever)
    $11.99
    MC Notes PRO (1 month)
    $0.99
    Notes MC PRO (1 year)
    $4.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Productivity

Initial Release Date
    Nov 5, 2021

Worldwide Release Date
    Nov 5, 2021

Last Updated Time
    Mar 2, 2024

Version
    1.8

Size
    230.38 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English, Armenian, Catalan, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Swedish, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese

Seller
    PLANNING TECHNOLOGIES LLC

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 12.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.mc.notes

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1582204558

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Notes: Note, Memo, Voice Notes | data.ai
