Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Gratitude Journal - Mahalo
Labby Labs LLCLifestyle (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Labby Labs LLC

    Gratitude Journal - Mahalo
    Gratitude Journal - Mahalo

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Gratitude Journal - Mahalo
Self Love Daily Affirmations
Lifestyle (Applications)
Free
App Description
Make gratitude your attitude!

Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. All over the world, people who keep a gratitude journal or practice gratitude experience improved stress relief, anxiety relief, self-love, self-care, more motivation and improved mindfulness.

Mahalo is the easiest way to practice gratitude and make it a habit that you will do every single day. Each day a new gratitude practice will be available. When you open the app the first thing you will see is the newest practice for you to start. The practices are meant to take between two and ten minutes, they are meant to be short in part because practicing gratitude should impact the rest of your day outside of the time spent practicing in the app. After you have completed your daily practice the next practice will not be available until the following day. We suggest that you add reminders so it is easier to build the habit of practicing gratitude.

A gratitude diary is a sacred place where you can open up to yourself and explore your own thoughts and feelings. That means privacy is important: Any things that you write in a Mahalo practice is only for your eyes and is not available to anyone else.

Mahalo means thank you. Thank you for the life I live. Thank you for the good times and the bad. Thank you to myself for never giving up. Thank you.

Privacy Policy: https://www.labbylabs.com/privacy-policy
Terms of Use: https://www.labbylabs.com/terms-of-use

We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We would love to hear from you!
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.73
Total Displayed Ratings
123

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 2.17.0 (Nov 13, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have added a ton of new practices including "Growth Mindset", "Finding your breath", "Inner Harmony", "Self-Kindness" and many more. We can't wait for you to try them out!

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot.

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.16.0 (Nov 6, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have added a ton of new practices including "Growth Mindset", "Finding your breath", "Inner Harmony", "Self-Kindness" and many more. We can't wait for you to try them out!

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot.

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.15.0 (Oct 8, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have added a new Gratitude Journal page so that you can record and review all of your past completed practices. Upon completing a daily practice, a new page is added to your journal. You can view the journal by tapping on a completed practice or by using the button on the Bonus Practices page. We are so excited for you to try it out!

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot.

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.14.0 (Sep 17, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have introduced 4 brand new daily practices: "Self Kindness", "Finding joy in happy memories", "Exploring creativity" and "Rest, reflect, recharge". We are super excited for you to check them out!

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot.

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.13.0 (Sep 9, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have introduced 5 brand new daily practices: "Taking action", "Your authentic self", "Your inner child", "Earth Gratitude" and "Letting go of past pain". We are excited for you to check them out!

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot.

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.12.0 (Aug 18, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have introduced 4 brand new daily practices: "Gratitude is forgiveness", "Starting at the end", "Reframing" and "Appreciating the basics" as well as a great way to stay centred with the new bonus practice: "Light Mantra".

    You can now also quickly access your daily practice or affirmations via home screen quick actions (by pressing and holding on the app's icon) or by asking Siri. Try it out with "Hey Siri, Daily Gratitude Practice" or "Hey Siri, Evening Affirmations". We're exciting for you to check it out!

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot!

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.11.0 (Aug 12, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have introduced 3 brand new daily practices: "Creatures of habit", "How good could it get?" and "Obstacles on the path". We can't wait for you to try out them out!

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot!

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.10.0 (Aug 7, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have introduced 3 brand new daily practices: "Less is more", "Confidence is key" and "Heart energy". We can't wait for you to try out them out!

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot!

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.9.0 (Aug 6, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have introduced 3 brand new daily practices: "Move your body", "Positive action" and "Taking a moment to be mindful". We can't wait for you to try out them out!

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot!

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.8.0 (Aug 5, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have introduced a brand new daily practice: "All I need to be is me". We have also added a new bonus practice: Evening Affirmations! Now you can end your day with as much gratitude as when you began. We can't wait for you to try out them out.

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot!

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.7.0 (Aug 2, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have introduced 2 brand new daily practices: "Feeling the flow" and "Celebration of life". We can't wait for you to try them out!

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot!

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.6.0 (Jul 30, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have introduced 3 brand new daily practices: "The protecting brain", "Positive state of mind" and "Shhh... getting quiet". We can't wait for you to try them out! We have also added some new, much-requested, sound effects for practice completion, spoken affirmation completion and meditation completion.

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot!

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.5.0 (Jul 25, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have introduced 3 brand new daily practices: Thank you for yesterday, The ground I walk on and Being our brightest. We can't wait for you to try them out. We have also added some extra polish including haptic feedback, a revamped practice completion screen and the ability for you to leave us feedback after finishing a practice. We read everything you write so please do let us know what you think since we are always looking to take Mahalo to the next level!

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot!

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.4.0 (Jul 22, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have added a brand new daily practice called "The power of love" and we can't wait for you to experience it.

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot!

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.3.1 (Jul 19, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have added two brand new daily practices: Attitude of gratitude and The gratitude bubble. We have also fixed a crash that was occasionally impacting users when starting a spoken affirmation practice.

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot!

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.3.0 (Jul 15, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have added two brand new daily practices: Attitude of gratitude and The gratitude bubble. We have also fixed a crash that was occasionally impacting users when starting a spoken affirmation practice.

    If you're enjoying using Mahalo, please consider writing a review for us on the App Store. It really does help us a lot!

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.2.0 (Jul 9, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have added a brand new bonus practice: Morning Affirmations! Start your day with confidence, speak it into existence and affirm your best self. Unlike our daily guided gratitude practices, you can access Morning Affirmations at any time by swiping over to the bonus practice page.

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.1.0 (Jul 5, 2022)
    Mahalo is your guide to daily gratitude practice. In this update, we have added three brand new gratitude practices: The light inside, Appreciate the good and Double the joy!

    We are just getting started here at Mahalo. If you have any feedback or suggestions please don’t hesitate to reach out to us at contact@freezegun.com. We can't wait to hear from you!
Version 2.0.0 (Jul 1, 2022)
    We have launched a brand new way to practice gratitude. Practicing gratitude should be easy to do and leave us feeling calm, not stressed, so the Mahalo team has created a new experience that improves on all aspects of the first version. You will be presented with new gratitude practices everyday that guide you through mediations, affirmations, reflections and so much more. Check out the new version of Mahalo and start practicing gratitude the easy way. We would love to hear your feedback, you can reach out to us from Settings inside the app or via email at contact@freezegun.com
Version 1.0.5 (Dec 9, 2021)
    We are just getting started with Mahalo and we have more features and practices coming!

    In this update, we have updated our screenshots to better showcase the app.

    If you have any feedback or questions, please contact us through the app's settings or email us directly at contact@freezegun.com.
Version 1.0.4 (Dec 7, 2021)
    We are just getting started with Mahalo and we have more features and practices coming!

    In this update, we have fixed a crash that some users were experiencing when attempting to create or view a video clip.

    If you have any feedback or questions, please contact us through the app's settings or email us directly at contact@freezegun.com.
Version 1.0.3 (Nov 12, 2021)
    We are just getting started with Mahalo and we have more features and practices coming!

    In this update, we have fixed a bug that some iPad users were experiencing when attempting to discard a video.

    If you have any feedback or questions, please contact us through the app's settings or email us directly at contact@freezegun.com.
Version 1.0.2 (Oct 27, 2021)
    This is the first launch of Mahalo, and we have more features and practices coming. If you have any feedback or questions, please email us at contact@freezegun.com.
Version 1.0.1 (Oct 21, 2021)
    This is the first launch of Mahalo, and we have more features and practices coming. If you have any feedback or questions, please email us at contact@freezegun.com.
Version 1.0.0 (Oct 14, 2021)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
My Life Journal: Video Diary
Diary Journal - With Lock
Manifestation Journal
Daily Gratitude Affirmations
Delightful: Gratitude Journal
Daily Gratitude Guided Journal
Gratitude On The Go
Manifesting - Daily Quotes
Daily Gift - self help
Intentions: Daily Affirmations
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Calendar & Reminders
Calendar & Reminders
Apps that can be used as a calendar or reminder so that users would not forget their schedules.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
iPhone Market
Not featuredon App Store homepage
1 time
on App Store category pages
Versions

    2.17.0
    Current release
    Nov 13, 2022
    2.16.0
    Nov 6, 2022
    2.15.0
    Oct 8, 2022
    2.14.0
    Sep 17, 2022
    2.13.0
    Sep 9, 2022
    2.12.0
    Aug 18, 2022
    2.11.0
    Aug 12, 2022
    2.10.0
    Aug 7, 2022
    2.9.0
    Aug 6, 2022
    2.8.0
    Aug 5, 2022
    2.7.0
    Aug 2, 2022
    2.6.0
    Jul 30, 2022
    2.5.0
    Jul 25, 2022
    2.4.0
    Jul 22, 2022
    2.3.1
    Jul 19, 2022
    2.3.0
    Jul 15, 2022
    2.2.0
    Jul 9, 2022
    2.1.0
    Jul 5, 2022
    2.0.0
    Jul 1, 2022
    1.0.5
    Dec 9, 2021
    1.0.4
    Dec 7, 2021
    1.0.3
    Nov 12, 2021
    1.0.2
    Oct 27, 2021
    1.0.1
    Oct 21, 2021
    1.0.0
    Oct 14, 2021

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Mahalo Pro Gratitude Journal
    $3.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Lifestyle

Initial Release Date
    Oct 13, 2021

Worldwide Release Date
    Oct 27, 2021

Last Updated Time
    Feb 20, 2024

Version
    2.17.0

Size
    43.50 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    Labby Labs LLC

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.freezegun.gratitude

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1570758935

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Gratitude Journal - Mahalo | data.ai
