Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

MapMyLife
Neil EllisHealth and Fitness (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Neil Ellis

    MapMyLife
    MapMyLife

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
MapMyLife
Health and Fitness (Applications)
Free
App Description
MapMyLife enables people to map their lives, reflect and help put a plan in place to change their life and/or reprogram negative thoughts.

MapMyLifes journaling with thousands of prompts & AI self help (Annie) enables you to question, reflect and write down your thoughts to build a plan for a better future. Annie acts as someone on your shoulder asking pertinent questions to trigger appropriate thinking and direction.

Mapping one's life helps to identify all the events that happened throughout your life to reflect on your journey, the decisions you made, your career overlap, your love life and your very sad/happy moments all of which has an impact on you in your now that you can reflect on and change.

These MapMyLife driven thoughts can put things into perspective & understand why you did what you did, what makes you happy and events & journeys that makes you sad and depressed that you can plan to fix &/or avoid.

Unhappy, depressed, What's the point of life?, Feel something missing, Midlife crisis, The “Why”, Grief (especially around children), Addiction and Spiritual beliefs and journeys, “The Third Chapter” of life, Second half of life, Dark nights of the soul, Dismantling old identities, Remember me for who I really am?, Encore career, Leading down job, “Peace” of mind, Friendships……….. All good quotes and questions that could be helped by a tool like MapMyLife.

Hi, I’m Neil and the person that's trying to make MapMyLife real for everyone.

One could say life's journey has dealt me a bad hand in which these tools, questions and exercises made me who I am today with a "peace" of the mind post child death, complex PTSD, addiction and depression. I want to make these tools accessible to all on this mobile app as well as a Web App.

All data in mobile applications are available via web application on the website which is particularly useful for printable LifeMaps for overlays of emotions, feelings and observations. Simply put the power of actually drawing, coloring and/or writing over your printed LifeMap. All bubbles, events and LifeMaps are printable/exportable from the web app.

All data entered in the application are stored in the most secure data centers in the world complemented with my knowledge of the appropriate strict compliance controls implemented based on my background and knowledge of infrastructure control regulations like SOC2 and ISO27k. Basically I make your personal data as safe as it could be.

Support - https://support.mapmylife.io/
Terms of Use - https://mapmylife.io/terms/
Privacy Policy - https://mapmylife.io/privacy/
EULA - https://mapmylife.io/eula/

Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
N/A
Total Displayed Ratings
N/A

No data is available.
Pie chart with 3 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
No data is available.
See More
What's New

Version 1.2.10 (Feb 22, 2024)
    Added Personalized diary download on Lifemap menu, fixed multiple accessibility issues and a few UI stability changes. 
Version 1.2.7 (Jan 28, 2024)
    Addition of the sample data caused some confusion on recent initial sign ups of addition of sample events and bubbles (i.e. daughter helped with a test account and said whats these events?). The addition of sample events and bubbles to help how things work now have an overlaid image to highlight which are sample events/bubbles data. Also all sample data can be added or deleted via a settings menu button... Also couple of bug fixes. 
Version 1.2.5 (Jan 23, 2024)
    PDF Lifemap via email now available from Lifemap menu (the main driver of me writing this app :- )). Sample data controlled, Horoscope sign and Email/SMS opt out for birthday reminders all added to settings screen. Few bug fixes. 
Version 1.2.4 (Jan 16, 2024)
    Bug fixes and added sample data on sign up for new users to show how to use MapMyLife (add/remove in settings). Also added triggers on backend to help send emails on why and how to do stuff in MapMyLife. 
Version 1.2.3 (Jan 8, 2024)
    Restructured settings page to not make mobile verification compulsory (optionally used for SMS birthday reminders). Removed paywalls for now (back in next major) as they were getting in the way of feedback and bug fixes.
Version 1.2.2 (Dec 29, 2023)
    Bug fixes. 
Version 1.2.1 (Dec 17, 2023)
    Added Shareable life questions with many RememberMe questions to share and add to events or journal on. 
Version 1.1.1 (Dec 6, 2023)
    Changed from basic app purchase to in-app subscription. Once logged in and on access to LifeMap menu item you will be prompted to subscribe (and restore purchase if needed). Early access subscription prices of 2 months free and ~2 a month.. Thank you for you support and welcome aboard. 
Version 1.1.0 (Nov 9, 2023)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
HydrateBuddy: Water Reminder
Psychmind
PositiveMe: prompted journal
Fit Captl: Better living
Good From Grief
InovCares - Patients
KnownWell - AI Journal & Diary
Focus: Life Goal Coaching
GoodGrief.
Healthhaus
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    1.2.10
    Current release
    Feb 22, 2024
    1.2.7
    Jan 28, 2024
    1.2.5
    Jan 23, 2024
    1.2.4
    Jan 16, 2024
    1.2.3
    Jan 8, 2024
    1.2.2
    Dec 29, 2023
    1.2.1
    Dec 17, 2023
    1.1.1
    Dec 6, 2023
    1.1.0
    Nov 9, 2023

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    MapMyLife
    $0.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Health and Fitness

Initial Release Date
    Nov 10, 2023

Worldwide Release Date
    Nov 10, 2023

Last Updated Time
    Feb 26, 2024

Version
    1.2.10

Size
    34.43 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    Englisch

Seller
    Neil Ellis

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Erfordert iOS 13.4 oder neuer. Kompatibel mit iPhone, iPad und iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    io.mapmylife.neilellis

Has Game Center
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 6451208772

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

MapMyLife | data.ai
