Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Materia Mood Tracker & Journal
Materia Mind Inc.Health and Fitness (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Materia Mind Inc.

    Materia Mood Tracker & Journal
    Materia Mood Tracker & Journal

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Materia Mood Tracker & Journal
Health and Fitness (Applications)
Free
App Description
Materia reminds you to be mindful of your screen time habits and provides self-care CBT materials right when they are needed. Focus on your mental health and break habitual paths by reflecting with free self help practices like guided journaling, meditations, routines, and many more.

Backed by experts, our mental health app is designed to help you live a happier, healthier life
If you're looking for help with your mental health, our app is the perfect place to start. We offer a variety of materials based on scientific research and the latest findings in mental health, all designed and created by certified experts: clinical therapists, PhDs, and researchers. Whether you're struggling with anxiety, depression, or any other issue, we're here to help you find the resources you need to feel better.

Interactive journaling
This mindful practice of journaling is recommended by therapists, psychologists, and leading professionals in behavioral health for its ability to improve mental health, focus, and productivity. If you're looking for a way to improve your life and well-being, give journaling a try!

Block Apps you tend to use on autopilot
Improve your mental health by being mindful and more aware of what might trigger negative thoughts or feelings. Social media can be a source of triggers for many people or a strategy for unadaptive coping. If you find that you mindlessly use social media or any other app, Materia allows you to set restrictions. You can configure the intensity of the restrictions to fit your needs. By doing this, you can free yourself from screen addiction and improve your mental health. Download Materia for free today to take control of your screen time and your mental health.

Find materials for your situation by mood tracking
Find materials for your context using our mood tracker and understand better which situations/contexts triggered your emotional reaction. Understand your emotional conditions better and be aware of people/activities that make you happy or bring you down.

Stay in touch
If you need support or have suggestions, please get in touch with us at serafim@materia.so. We're here to help!

Read more about our terms and conditions here:
Terms of service: https://materia.so/terms-and-conditions
Privacy Policy: https://materia.so/privacy-policy
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
N/A
Total Displayed Ratings
N/A

No data is available.
Pie chart with 3 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
No data is available.
See More
What's New

Version 1.4 (Aug 18, 2023)
    Welcome to our biggest update ever! We've been working incredibly hard behind the scenes and have rewritten 80% of our codebase to bring you a seamless, bug-free experience. Here's what you can expect from our latest release:

    Introducing My Paths: Navigate to the new "My Paths" section for specialized learning opportunities. We're kickstarting this feature with an anxiety course, aimed to provide personalized help and guidance to all our users.

    Revamped Screen Time Section: We've rebuilt this area from the ground up. Discover an improved way to track your use, all paired with a better onboarding process to enable a smooth start.

    Scheduling Functionality: Maintain discipline and achieve better screen time habits with our new app-blocking schedule. Define time frames to lock specific apps and create a distraction-free environment to focus better.

    Emotional Trends Analysis: In our constant effort to promote mental well-being, we've introduced emotional trends analysis. Understand your mood patterns better and use the insights for a smoother life journey.

    Redesigned Today Screen: Your "Today" screen now comes with fresh daily exercises related to the path you're following. Practice self-therapy with a new exercise each day.

    Bug Fixes: We've taken your feedback to heart and squashed a lot of bugs to enhance the stability and performance of the app.

    We've got more thrilling updates on the way! Thank you for continuing to be a part of our journey. Don't forget to stay tuned for up-and-coming features as we continue refining and expanding our app to enhance your experience.
Version 1.3.1 (Nov 16, 2022)
    Introducing our new light theme! We've also fixed some bugs and made small improvements.
Version 1.3 (Oct 23, 2022)
    We're excited to announce a new feature that allows you to schedule app blocking on your phone. Whether you want to block social media in the morning or evening, this new feature gives you the power to control when and how you use your apps. This is a great way to help you focus on what's important, and we can't wait to hear how you use it!
Version 1.2.2 (Aug 10, 2022)
    This update brings a bunch of small improvements and fixes. We've also added a number of reasons for your emotional state. Just check-in!
Version 1.2.1 (Jul 23, 2022)
    The new Apple Watch app is here! Track your emotional state on the go and get real-time feedback. We've also squashed some bugs and made some improvements.
Version 1.1 (May 19, 2022)
    This update contains both internal and user-facing improvements:
    · You can now replay and share a session from the History screen.
    · A sensitive data disclaimer is now displayed for Open-Ended Questions in materials. All your answers are stored on your device locally, and we do not have access to them. We are committed to protecting your privacy!
    · The Settings menu now includes an Information section. Here you will find the link to our official Discord channel. Feel free to join us and share your thoughts!
Version 1.0 (May 12, 2022)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
BlueCloud Mind
Welli
ME 2.0.
Secret Potion: Mental Wellness
UPlus - Daily Routine Planner
Gardzen - AR Meditation
Ease -Mental Health, Self-Care
Ask EVA
Quote Reminders - Motivation
Faces of Health
IQ Classifications
Genre: Health & Fitness
Subgenre: Health Monitor
Health Monitor
Apps that monitor the user's vital medical signs or status of chronic diseases via connected devices.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    1.4
    Current release
    Aug 18, 2023
    1.3.1
    Nov 16, 2022
    1.3
    Oct 23, 2022
    1.2.2
    Aug 10, 2022
    1.2.1
    Jul 23, 2022
    1.1
    May 19, 2022
    1.0
    May 12, 2022

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Materia Plus
    $12.99
    Materia Plus Annual
    $74.99

About

Required Devices
    Apple Watch, iPhone, Other iOS Device

Category
    Health and Fitness

Initial Release Date
    May 12, 2022

Worldwide Release Date
    May 12, 2022

Last Updated Time
    Feb 26, 2024

Version
    1.4

Size
    197.14 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    英語

Seller
    Materia Mind Inc.

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    iOS 15.0およびwatchOS 8.5以降が必要です。iPhone、iPad、およびiPod touchに対応。

Bundle ID
    com.materiamind.materia

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1600109125

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Materia Mood Tracker & Journal | data.ai
