Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Neo Therapy - AI Journal
Cem ykeHealth and Fitness (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Cem yke

    Neo Therapy - AI Journal
    Neo Therapy - AI Journal

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Neo Therapy - AI Journal
Mood & Dream Interpretations
Health and Fitness (Applications)
Free
App Promotional Text
Keep mood and dream journals, explore psychology of your mood and dream journals, turn your journals into art & more.
App Description
Neo therapy is designed to be the companion on the journey of discovering your inner world.

Keep mood and dream journals
Neo therapy allows you to keep track of your mood and dream journals. Our guided notes help to jot down your thoughts, making it easier to identify patterns, connect the dots, and take more in-depth understanding on your mental life and subconscious expressions. This can help you identify emotional patterns and unhealthy thinking and behaviour, which can help shape positive changes.

Get AI psychological interpretations
When you type in your dream journal, our AI counselor will guide you in analyzing the symbols and metaphors that you have encountered in your dreams, giving a deeper understanding of their meaning within your current life and experience.
The AI counselor for mood journals will analyse your entries and give the appropriate advice. The personalised insights will help you to understand your mental processes. AI counselor also supports you in breaking out of old thought patterns, giving you the opportunity to build new emotional resilience.

Create AI painting for your journals
Neo therapy creates AI painting from your mood and dream journals. This painting acts as visual representation of your thoughts, feelings and dreams which can be used for further reflection.

Create your own meditations
Our AI meditation teacher allows you to create your own meditations based on your mood journals and bodily sensations. This helps you to relax, recalibrate and gain clarity in challenging situations, while focusing on positive and long-term changes.

Discover your repeated life patterns
Neo therapy uses journal logging to help you discover and recognize repeating patterns in your life. It provides tools to analyze your entries and gain deeper insights into your emotional wellbeing. This helps to identify the patterns that bother you or patterns that bring joy to your life.

Neo Therapy Premium
Get 60 AI credits per month with premium membership

• AI credits are used to run AI predictions such as mood counselor, dream counselor, mood painting, dream painting and meditation teacher. Each AI usage costs 1 credit. After you finished your 10 free AI credits, you need to subscribe to use AI tools in the app.

Neo Therapy offers auto-renewing subscriptions:
• $2.99 billed monthly

Payments and Renewal:
• After free trial, the total amount for the subscription will be charged to your iTunes Account. The subscription automatically renews unless it is canceled at least 24 hours before the end of the current period.
• Your account will be charged for renewal at the total subscription price within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period.
• You can manage or turn off auto-renew in your Account settings at any time after purchase.
• Any unused portion of free trial is forfeited after purchase. Special introductory offers only apply to first billing term.

These prices are in US Dollars (USD). Pricing in other currencies and countries may vary and actual charges may be converted to your local currency depending on the country of residence.

Read more about our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy here:
Terms of use: https://neotherapy.co/terms-of-use
Privacy policy: https://neotherapy.co/privacy-policy

Disclaimer: Neo Therapy is not designed to assist with crises such as abuse, severe mental health conditions that may cause feelings of suicide, harm to self, and any other medical emergencies. Neo Therapy cannot and will not offer medical or clinical advice.
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
3.67
Total Displayed Ratings
6

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 1.0.5 (Feb 8, 2023)
    This update includes bug fixes and below new features:

    -Push notification reminders for your journals
    -Detecting language of your texts and translating them to your desired language for ai dream journal & interpretations
Version 1.0.4 (Dec 22, 2022)
    This update includes bug fixes.
Version 1.0.3 (Dec 16, 2022)
    This update includes performance improvements, bug fixes and below innovations:

    -Major UX / UI changes
    -Dream journals
    -AI mood & dream counselor
    -AI painting for your journals
    -AI meditation teacher for personalised meditations
Version 1.0.2 (Nov 15, 2022)
    This update includes bug fixes and performance improvements.
Version 1.0.1 (Nov 5, 2022)
    This update includes performance improvements.

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Basal - AI Personal Journaling
Serena: AI Emotional Support
MyPsych.ai - AI Therapy
Elixir - AI Therapy & Quizz
Analyse des rêves avec l'IA
Kaidoko
AI Dream Interpretation
Mindful AI Wellness Meditation
Peace - Intimate Relationship
Heal The Word & Affirmation
IQ Classifications
Genre: Health & Fitness
Subgenre: Telehealth
Telehealth
Apps that offer remote clinical service including medical scheduling, medical consultation, and prescription management.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    1.0.5
    Current release
    Feb 8, 2023
    1.0.4
    Dec 22, 2022
    1.0.3
    Dec 16, 2022
    1.0.2
    Nov 15, 2022
    1.0.1
    Nov 5, 2022

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    150 credits - monthly
    $6.99
    60 credits - monthly
    $2.99
    60 credits per month - Annual
    $19.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Health and Fitness

Initial Release Date
    Nov 5, 2022

Worldwide Release Date
    Nov 5, 2022

Last Updated Time
    Feb 17, 2024

Version
    1.0.5

Size
    63.13 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English, Turkish

Seller
    Cem yke

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 13.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.neo.neomental

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 6443898185

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Neo Therapy - AI Journal | data.ai
