Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Recorder for iPhone
VPN Proxy Secure Express & Private X Hotspot VPN Browser AppsUtilities (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Recorder for iPhone
    Recorder for iPhone

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Recorder for iPhone
Voice recorder & voice memo
Utilities (Applications)
Free
App Promotional Text
Download the app now and elevate your voice recording experience. Unleash the power of your voice with crystal-clear audio quality and effortless sharing capabilities.
App Description
The easiest voice recorder ever! A new, modern design makes it even easier to capture and share personal notes, family moments, classroom lectures, work meetings, speeches, interviews and more. Also, It can help you learn languages easily.


Editing tools like trim, covert, merge and cutlet you fine-tune your recordings. And use other more functions (eg: Transcribe) to do even more to help you work efficiently.


Features:

1. Easy to Record:
- Choose audio formats such as MP3, M4A, AIFC, WAV.
- Plan your recording schedule.


2. Easy to listen:
- Quickly find recordings with the search feature.
- Jump 5 seconds forward or back.
- Stop playback at the scheduled time.
- Change speed.


3. Easy to Edit:
- Trim your recordings to save just the portion you want.
- Rename and tag recordings.
- Convert your recordings to other formats.

4. Easy to share & export:
- Share recordings via AirDrop, Mail, Messages, Facebook, and more.
- Wi-Fi file sharing let you save recordings to your PC without any cable connections.
- iTunes file sharing support.
- Save to camera roll, then access recordings in “Albums”.

5. Transcribe voice recordings (new):
- Instant and Accurate: Transcribe voice recordings with exceptional accuracy.
- Time-Saving: Save valuable time by automating the transcription process.
- Easy Accessibility: Read and review recordings in text format for effortless reference.
- Language Learning Aid: Analyze pronunciation and language patterns for enhanced learning.



--------

Weekly Subscription
- $4.99/week.


Monthly Subscription
- $9.99/month (with free trial)


Yearly Subscription
- $32.99/year


Membership is enabled via an auto-renewing subscription. The Price of the subscription is shown in the Purchase pane updated to the time of the purchase. Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase or the end of the Free Trial Period, if any. The length of the Free Trial Period, if any, is shown in the Purchase Pane updated to the time of purchase. Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, with the same amount as the first period. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user’s Account Settings after purchase. Any unused portion of a free trial period will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.


Privacy Policy: https://voicememo.co/privacy-policy.html
Terms and Conditions: https://voicememo.co/terms-of-use.html
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.35
Total Displayed Ratings
3.2k

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 1.2.3 (Aug 29, 2023)
    The problem of erased recordings is now fully rectified. Enjoy seamless transcription of your recordings with unparalleled accuracy. This version comes packed with bug fixes and significant improvements to enhance your app usage.

    Need assistance or have feedback? visit us at https://voicememo.co/#support.
Version 1.2.2 (Aug 12, 2023)
    Unveiling the iOS Native Transcribe Feature! Now, effortlessly transcribe your recordings with pinpoint accuracy. Bug fixes and major enhancements elevate your app encounter. Immerse in a sleek interface, swift performance, and rock-solid stability.

    Thank you for choosing our Voice Recording app. Need assistance or have feedback? Visit us at https://voicememo.co/#support. Delight in seamless transcribing and more. Explore the full potential of your recordings today!
Version 1.2 (Jul 7, 2023)
    Greetings, Voice Recorder Users!!!

    We are thrilled to announce that we have resolved minor bugs and made significant improvements to enhance your user experience.

    Thank you for selecting our Voice Recording app. If you have any questions or encounter any issues, please don't hesitate to reach out to us at https://voicememo.co/#support.

    We sincerely hope that you enjoy using Transcribe and all the other fantastic features our app has to offer!
Version 1.1.7 (Apr 12, 2023)
    Hello Voice Recorder Users!

    To make user experience even better we have fixed minor bugs along with Improvements.

    Thank you for choosing our Voice Recording app.If you have any questions or issues, please feel free to contact us at https://voicememo.co/#support.

    We hope you enjoy using Transcribe and all the other great features of our app!
Version 1.1.6 (Apr 4, 2023)
    Hello Voice Recorder Users!

    To make user experience even better we have fixed minor bugs along with Improvements.

    Thank you for choosing our Voice Recording app.If you have any questions or issues, please feel free to contact us at https://voicememo.co/#support.

    We hope you enjoy using Transcribe and all the other great features of our app!
Version 1.1.5 (Mar 25, 2023)
    Hello Voice Recorder Users!

    To make user experience even better we have fixed minor bugs along with Improvements.

    Thank you for choosing our Voice Recording app.If you have any questions or issues, please feel free to contact us at https://voicememo.co/#support.

    We hope you enjoy using Transcribe and all the other great features of our app!
Version 1.1.4 (Mar 22, 2023)
    We're excited to announce a brand-new feature in our voice recording app - Transcribe! With this new addition, you can easily convert your recorded audio into text, making it simple to keep track of your thoughts and ideas. Update the app now to experience this amazing new feature.

    Thank you for choosing our Voice Recording app. As always, if you have any questions or issues, please don't hesitate to contact us at https://voicememo.co/#support.

    We hope you enjoy using Transcribe and all the other great features of our app!
Version 1.1.3 (Mar 16, 2023)
    We're excited to announce a brand-new feature in our voice recording app - Transcribe! With this new addition, you can easily convert your recorded audio into text, making it simple to keep track of your thoughts and ideas. Update the app now to experience this amazing new feature.

    Thank you for choosing our Voice Recording app. As always, if you have any questions or issues, please don't hesitate to contact us at https://voicememo.co/#support.

    We hope you enjoy using Transcribe and all the other great features of our app!
Version 1.1.2 (Mar 13, 2023)
    We're excited to announce a brand-new feature in our voice recording app - Transcribe! With this new addition, you can easily convert your recorded audio into text, making it simple to keep track of your thoughts and ideas. Update the app now to experience this amazing new feature.

    Thank you for choosing our Voice Recording app. As always, if you have any questions or issues, please don't hesitate to contact us at https://voicememo.co/#support.

    We hope you enjoy using Transcribe and all the other great features of our app!
Version 1.1.1 (Feb 20, 2023)
    We're excited to announce a brand-new feature in our voice recording app - Transcribe! With this new addition, you can easily convert your recorded audio into text, making it simple to keep track of your thoughts and ideas. Update the app now to experience this amazing new feature.

    Thank you for choosing our Voice Recording app. As always, if you have any questions or issues, please don't hesitate to contact us at https://voicememo.co/#support.

    We hope you enjoy using Transcribe and all the other great features of our app!
Version 1.1 (Feb 16, 2023)
    Good news for Voice Recorder Users!


    Now you have more excited features in this app
    - You can easily mark your favorite recordings and bifurcate it from your common files.
    - You can quickly access recording from your other devices by uploading files to google drive and dropbox.
    - Folders are here to segregate your files as per your choice.
    - Secure your private recording by setting passcode.

    Hurry up! Update the app and add all these new features specially released for you.
    Thanks for using the app.
    please feel free to contact us @https:voicememo.co/#support
Version 1,0,2 (Nov 29, 2021)
    Minor bug fixes & improvements 
Version 1.0.1 (Nov 7, 2020)
    Minor bug fixes to previous version! 
Version 1.0 (Nov 1, 2020)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Voice Memo Recorder & Changer
iRecord: Transcribe Voice Memo
Voice Recorder: Audio Memos
Voice Recorder－Audio Memos Арр
Voice Record Pro
Recorder Plus - Audio Editor
Voice recorder - Voz
Voice Recorder for iPhones
Voice Recorder & Audio Editor
Automatic call recorder .
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Recorder
Recorder
Apps that allow users to record voice using a microphone and save it as an mp3 file.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
iPhone Market
Not featuredon App Store homepage
1 time
on App Store category pages
Versions

    1.2.3
    Current release
    Aug 29, 2023
    1.2.2
    Aug 12, 2023
    1.2
    Jul 7, 2023
    1.1.7
    Apr 12, 2023
    1.1.6
    Apr 4, 2023
    1.1.5
    Mar 25, 2023
    1.1.4
    Mar 22, 2023
    1.1.3
    Mar 16, 2023
    1.1.2
    Mar 13, 2023
    1.1.1
    Feb 20, 2023
    1.1
    Feb 16, 2023
    1,0,2
    Nov 29, 2021
    1.0.1
    Nov 7, 2020
    1.0
    Nov 1, 2020

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Voice Recorder "POPULAR"
    $33.99
    Voice Recorder "SUPER"
    $4.99
    Voice Recorder & Memos Pro
    $9.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Utilities

Initial Release Date
    Nov 1, 2020

Worldwide Release Date
    Nov 1, 2020

Last Updated Time
    Feb 26, 2024

Version
    1.2.3

Size
    86.84 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    GREEN DYGITAL CONSULTING LLP

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.voicerecorder.memoapp

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Support Url

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1537387586

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Recorder for iPhone | data.ai
