Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

MySudo - Private & Secure
Anonyome LabsSocial Networking (Applications)Free
Alerts

MySudo - Private & Secure
MySudo - Private & Secure
MySudo - Private & Secure
Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
MySudo - Private & Secure
Call, Text, Email, Browse, Pay
Social Networking (Applications)
Free
App Description
MySudo is the all-in-one privacy app that lets you speak privately, browse privately and pay privately, all via secure digital profiles called Sudos. Each Sudo can have a secure phone number, handle, email, private browser and virtual card, so you can use your Sudo details instead of your own. Your personal information is safe since you haven’t shared it — we won’t even ask for a username or password to set up MySudo.

Create up to 9 Sudos for everything you do: shopping, socializing, online selling and more.
MySudo is a privacy powerhouse, packed with:

Sudo handles - Use for end-to-end encrypted messages and video, voice and group calls with other MySudo users.

Sudo email addresses - Email anyone, and if they’re a MySudo user too, your emails will be end-to-end encrypted.

Sudo phone numbers - Get working phone numbers in locations of your choice, with customizable voicemail, ring tone and contacts. Call or message anyone. Sudo-to-Sudo calls and messages are end-to-end encrypted.

Sudo-to-Sudo comms - Connect with other MySudo users via voice, video or group calls and text, with unlimited messages and minutes.

Sudo private browsers - Use each Sudo’s private browser to search the internet without ads and pop-ups. The browser blocks ads and tracker cookies by default, and lets you compartmentalize your browsing by Sudo.

Sudo virtual cards - Use your virtual card instead of your personal credit or debit card to check out and pay online. Protect your privacy, stop tracking, and keep your money safe.Virtual cards are US only. Other locations coming soon.


MYSUDO LETS YOU:

• Search the internet without ads and pop-ups using the private browser.
• Pay online with your virtual card without worrying about tracking or hacking.
• Call, text, and email anyone without giving up your private details. And if they use MySudo too, voice, video and group calls, email and messages are end-to-end encrypted.


SO MUCH PRIVACY PACKED INTO ONE APP:

• No personal information like email or phone number to create an account
• No registration login or password to access the app
• End-to-end encrypted communications with other MySudo users
• Built-in decentralized identity technologies


MYSUDO PLANS:

After installing and creating your account, you can choose from three paid subscription levels, to get up to nine separate Sudos and phone numbers. Phone numbers are available from the US, Canada and the UK:

SudoFree: 3 Sudo email addresses, 3 Sudo handles, end-to-end encrypted Sudo-to-Sudo comms, 3 Sudo private browsers

SudoGo: 1 Sudo phone number, 3 Sudo email addresses, 3 Sudo handles, end-to-end encrypted Sudo-to-Sudo comms, 3 Sudo private browsers, 3 virtual cards

SudoPro: 3 Sudo phone numbers, 3 Sudo email addresses, 3 Sudo handles, end-to-end encrypted Sudo-to-Sudo comms, 3 Sudo private browsers, 3 virtual cards

SudoMax: 9 Sudo phone numbers, 9 Sudo email addresses, 9 Sudo handles, end-to-end encrypted Sudo-to-Sudo comms, 9 Sudo private browsers, 9 virtual cards

See our plans for full entitlements.

You can reset your Sudo number for an extra USD 0.99.


MYSUDO PLAN TERMS:

SudoGo, SudoPro and SudoMax monthly or yearly subscription will be charged to your Apple ID account at the confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews unless it is canceled at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. Your account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period. You can manage and cancel subscriptions by going to your account settings on the App Store after purchase. Subscription cancellations take effect after an active subscription has expired.

*MySudo virtual cards are only available on iOS and in the US. More locations coming soon.

Privacy policy: https://mysudo.com/privacypolicy/
Terms of service: https://mysudo.com/tos/
Privacy choices: https://mysudo.com/privacy-choices

Contact our support team on Twitter @MySudoApp or send us an email at support@mysudo.com.
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.67
Total Displayed Ratings
16.8k

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 1.25.0 (Feb 8, 2024)
    Hey! We want you to have the best experience with our app, so this release we’ve made some updates to your email inbox.

    We’ve added a filter to show your unread emails, and you can now swipe right to mark your emails as read or unread.

    We’ve also fixed a few bugs.

    Thanks for using MySudo! If you need help, reach out via X @MySudoApp or email support@mysudo.com
Version 1.24.0 (Dec 18, 2023)
    Now supporting MySudo Browser Extension! Securely send Sudo details to your preferred browser, enabling hassle free auto-fill for forms on your desktop across all your favorite sites.
    This release also allows you to easily share images and text directly from your device through MySudo messaging and email.
    And to keep the app in top shape, we've also fixed a few bugs. We hope you like it! If you need help, reach out via X @MySudoApp or email support@mysudo.comixes the initial text focus when using reply, reply all or forwarding via email.
Version 1.23.0 (Oct 30, 2023)
    For this release we dug deep to improve the overall calling experience within MySudo. We enhanced the user interface and squashed a bunch of bugs.
    We hope you like it! If you need help, reach out via X @MySudoApp or email support@mysudo.com
Version 1.22.2 (Oct 4, 2023)
    Hey, we like to keep the app in top shape so this release we've fixed a few bugs.
    Keep enjoying MySudo and, if you need help, we're always here: support@mysudo.com
Version 1.22.1 (Sep 20, 2023)
    Fixes IAP required for ACH debit cards to be used as a funding source for a virtual cards.
Version 1.22.0 (Aug 28, 2023)
    Hey, big news for our virtual cards users: We've introduced ACH, so you can now fund your virtual cards transactions directly from your bank account instead of a debit or credit card.

    And to keep the app in top shape, this release we also fixed a few bugs.

    We hope you're loving summer with MySudo! If you need help, we’re always here: support@mysudo.com
Version 1.21.1 (Jun 18, 2023)
    We fixed an issue that was stopping some users from reinstalling or transferring their account to new devices.
    We're always here to help: support@mysudo.com.
Version 1.21.0 (Jun 13, 2023)
    To set you up for summer, MySudo’s had a spring clean!

    Messaging now has a typing indicator and a better map pin.
    Copy-pasting Sudo phone numbers into web forms is easier since we dropped the international code.
    And we freshened up the invite a friend feature so you can bring more buddies to the app.

    Enjoy your summer with MySudo! If you need help, we’re always here: support@mysudo.com
Version 1.20.1 (Apr 16, 2023)
    ** In this latest release, we’ve hot-fixed a security issue where passcode/FaceID dismisses itself at app launch, that related to our recent messaging update **
    --------
    We’re excited to bring you a major update to messaging.

    We’ve made loads of small improvements that make messaging in the world’s only all-in-one privacy app even better.

    In this update you’ll see:

    - our fresh new UI style
    - gallery views for image attachments
    - tap to resend a failed message
    - simpler editing view
    - better access to contacts and old message threads
    - greater accessibility, supporting larger text sizes and voiceover for screen readers.

    Under the hood is more robust too, so expect a smoother experience all around.

    As always, thanks for using MySudo. If you need support or want to request a feature, contact us at support@mysudo.com.

Version 1.20.0 (Apr 10, 2023)
    We’re excited to bring you a major update to messaging.

    We’ve made loads of small improvements that make messaging in the world’s only all-in-one privacy app even better.

    In this update you’ll see:

    - our fresh new UI style
    - gallery views for image attachments
    - tap to resend a failed message
    - simpler editing view
    - better access to contacts and old message threads
    - greater accessibility, supporting larger text sizes and voiceover for screen readers.

    Under the hood is more robust too, so expect a smoother experience all around.

    As always, thanks for using MySudo. If you need support or want to request a feature, contact us at support@mysudo.com.
Version 1.19.1 (Jan 24, 2023)
    This release fixes a registration issue that affects users during onboarding or launch, in several geolocations outside the US.
Version 1.19.0 (Jan 18, 2023)
    This release we've introduced an important change to virtual cards. Users will need to update to this version to continue using virtual cards.
    And to make MySudo even better, we've fixed a few bugs.
    As always, thanks for using MySudo. If you need support or want to request a feature, contact us at support@mysudo.com.

Version 1.18.1 (Dec 14, 2022)
    This release is a security fix that solves an issue related to setting a password for backup and restore.
    Thanks for using MySudo. If you need support or want to request a feature, contact us as support@mysudo.com.
Version 1.18.1 (Dec 14, 2022)
    This release is a security fix that solves an issue related to setting a password for backup and restore.
    Thanks for using MySudo. If you need support or want to request a feature, contact us as support@mysudo.com.
Version 1.18.0 (Oct 19, 2022)
    With this release you can see whether poor network is affecting calls you make from your Sudo to non-Sudo numbers.
    Information about our monthly plans is clearer, and we have made improvements so it's even easier to find your friends on MySudo.
    As always, thanks for using MySudo. If you need support or want to request a feature, contact us as support@mysudo.com.
Version 1.17.0 (Aug 11, 2022)
    This release, we've introduced private contact matching. If you opt in, we can tell you which of your cell contacts is using MySudo so you can connect securely on the app.
    We've improved messaging so most users can now reply to short codes.
    And to make MySudo even better, we squashed a few bugs.
    As always, thanks for using MySudo. If you need support or want to request a feature, contact us as support@mysudo.com.

Version 1.16.1 (Jun 19, 2022)
    We fixed an issue that was stopping some users from adding a funding source to their virtual cards.

    We're always here to help: support@mysudo.com.
Version 1.16.0 (Jun 13, 2022)
    This release, we've really focused on improving messaging. We've fixed an issue some users were having with sending larger files, and made some other improvements.
    We've fixed issues with incoming calls when 'Silence unknown caller' is enabled too.
    And to make MySudo even better, we squashed a few bugs.
    As always, thanks for using MySudo. If you need support or want to request a feature, contact us as support@mysudo.com.


Version 1.15.1 (Apr 27, 2022)
    Thanks for using MySudo.

    This release is small but mighty. We've made it easier for users to add their first telephone number, and we've added some important security measures to safeguard against telephone number misuse. We've fixed a Sudo-to-Sudo messaging issue that was affecting some users.

    If you need support or have feature requests, please contact us at support@mysudo.com or via the MySudo Community at www.mysudo.com.
Version 1.15.0 (Apr 4, 2022)
    Thanks for using MySudo.

    It's even easier now to invite others to join you on MySudo. Simply use one of your Sudos to send a link to a friend to download MySudo and start communicating with you.

    We have also squashed some bugs in this release.

    If you need support or have feature requests, please contact us at support@mysudo.com or via the MySudo Community at www.mysudo.com.
Version 1.14.0 (Feb 8, 2022)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience.We are continuing to enhance our new Sudo Handles feature and have now added the ability to easily create a memorable handle during onboarding! All Sudo-to-Sudo messaging, voice and video communications with your handle are private, secure, and E2E encrypted. This release also includes:

    Updates to our Plans and Plans screens regarding SudoFree

    Fixed Apple email verification when using MySudo email

    Fixed an issue with new voicemail recordings

    Enhanced App optimizations and smashed a few bugs!

    If you have any issues or feature requests, please reach out to us at support@mysudo.com or via the MySudo Community at www.mysudo.com.
Version 1.13.1 (Nov 12, 2021)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to enrich your experience.

    We are excited to introduce the first version of Sudo Handles. Now you can create a friendly, memorable handle to use for all your encrypted communications with other MySudo users. Handles are easy to remember and share. More Handles features coming soon!

    This release also includes:
    - Fixes a delay sending messages and addresses a background crash when receiving messages.
    - Fix a bug that leads to reset email accounts potentially being shown instead of the current one.

    If you have any issues or feature requests, please reach out to us at support@mysudo.com or via the MySudo Community at www.mysudo.com.
Version 1.13.0 (Nov 8, 2021)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to enrich your experience.

    We are excited to introduce the first version of Sudo Handles. Now you can create a friendly, memorable handle to use for all your encrypted communications with other MySudo users. Handles are easy to remember and share. More Handles features coming soon!

    This release also includes:
    - Improvements to QR Code account transfer between iOS and Android
    - Fixes to calling from iOS recent call list
    - Enhancements to links received in MySudo emails
    - Better user feedback for calling errors when there is no network

    We have also made device memory and storage reduction improvements and smashed some bugs!

    If you have any issues or feature requests, please reach out to us at support@mysudo.com or via the MySudo Community at www.mysudo.com.
Version 1.12.0 (Sep 7, 2021)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience. This update contains:

    * Improvements to notifications
    * Enhancements to expiring messages
    * Smashed a handful of bugs

    If you have any issues or feature requests, please reach out to us at support@mysudo.com or via the MySudo Community at www.mysudo.com.
Version 1.11.0 (Jul 26, 2021)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience. This update contains improvements to switching Sudos and messaging - plus we smashed a handful of bugs!
    If you have any issues or feature requests, please reach out to us at support@mysudo.com or via the MySudo Community at www.mysudo.com.
Version 1.10.0 (Feb 23, 2021)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience. This update contains improvements to the Sudo call log history and the calling screens, plus we smashed a bunch of bugs.

    If you have any issues or feature requests, please reach out to us at support@mysudo.com or via the MySudo Community at www.mysudo.com.
Version 1.9.0 (Dec 17, 2020)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience.

    This update includes improvements to calling, dial pad, mute and voicemail playback controls.

    If you have an issue or feature request, reach out to us at support@mysudo.com or via the MySudo Community at https://support.mysudo.com.
Version 1.8.0 (Dec 1, 2020)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience. The latest MySudo iOS release is available and includes:

    • MySudo for iOS now supports Group Video Calling! Video chat with up to 5 MySudo users and enjoy end-to-end encryption with private and secure video calls.
    • We squashed a few bugs along the way as well.

    As always, if you run into any issues or have a feature request you’d like to see in MySudo, send us an email at support@mysudo.com or post your feature request directly to the MySudo Community.
Version 1.7.0 (Sep 7, 2020)
    Thank you for using MySudo!

    We've implemented several stability improvements with our latest release. Update today to get the best experience!

    As always, if you run into any troubles or have a favorite request you’d like to be featured, send us an email at support@mysudo.com or post your feature request directly to the MySudo Community.
Version 1.6.0 (Jul 29, 2020)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience.

    • Did you know that we offer encrypted video calling to other MySudo users? Start a call directly from a messaging conversation or from your Sudo contact lists with this update.
    • Dynamic font support has been improved to support the iOS accessiblility font size settings across the app.
    • A few enhancements to dark mode for areas like email viewing with more to come soon.
    • We squashed a few bugs as well!

    As always, if you run into any troubles or have a favorite request you’d like to be featured, send us an email at support@mysudo.com or post your feature request directly to the MySudo Community.
Version 1.5.1 (Jul 16, 2020)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience.
    1.5.1
    • Fixes an issue that would cause toll free number calls to fail
    1.5.0
    • MySudo Dark Mode is finally here! Designed to make the app better to use day or night - your preference! Reduce eyestrain, enhance focus, and improve battery life.
    • Search result improvements.
    • iPad formatting improvements for landscape view.
    • Email formatting improvements.
    • A few bugs were squashed.
    As always, if you run into any troubles or have a favorite request you’d like to be featured, send us an email at support@mysudo.com or post your feature request directly to the MySudo Community at https://support.mysudo.com/hc/en-us/community/topics
Version 1.5.0 (Jul 6, 2020)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience.

    • MySudo Dark Mode is finally here! Designed to make the app better to use day or night - your preference! Reduce eyestrain, enhance focus, and improve battery life.
    • Search result improvements.
    • iPad formatting improvements for landscape view.
    • Email formatting improvements.
    • A few bugs were squashed.

    As always, if you run into any troubles or have a favorite request you’d like to be featured, send us an email at support@mysudo.com or post your feature request directly to the MySudo Community.
Version 1.4.1 (Jun 8, 2020)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience.

    We have made many improvements and bug fixes in this update, here are the more visible ones:

    • Introducing the ability to Silence Unknown Callers!
    If you don’t want to receive calls from numbers that are not in your contacts, you can silence them on a per Sudo basis by enabling “Silence Unknown Callers” in Settings
    • Updated our backup and restore capabilities
    If you haven't done so already, go and set a Recovery Password today in the MySudo settings so you don't lose your Sudos and data!
    • Fixed - Incoming calls now respect the call notifications settings on iPad
    • Fixed - Message status indicator ticks show correctly on sending device
    • Fixed - Save an email as draft
    • We also nailed down a few crashes!

    As always, if you run into any troubles or have a feature request you’d like to make, please send us an email at support@mysudo.com or post your feature request directly on the MySudo Community.
Version 1.4.0 (Jun 2, 2020)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience.

    We have made many improvements and bug fixes in this update, here are the more visible ones:

    • Introducing the ability to Silence Unknown Callers!
    If you don’t want to receive calls from numbers that are not in your contacts, you can silence them on a per Sudo basis by enabling “Silence Unknown Callers” in Settings
    • Updated our backup and restore capabilities
    If you haven't done so already, go and set a Recovery Password today in the MySudo settings so you don't lose your Sudos and data!
    • Fixed - Incoming calls now respect the call notifications settings on iPad
    • Fixed - Message status indicator ticks show correctly on sending device
    • Fixed - Save an email as draft
    • We also nailed down a few crashes!

    As always, if you run into any troubles or have a feature request you’d like to make, please send us an email at support@mysudo.com or post your feature request directly on the MySudo Community.
Version 1.3.1 (Apr 25, 2020)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience.

    In this update we are excited to be introducing our secure payments capability, MySudo virtual cards!

    In today’s digital world it is paramount to protect and keep private your personal credit and debit card details from hackers, trackers, and bad actors. MySudo virtual cards* puts you in control of your information. Virtual cards can be used to make purchases from online merchants, retailers, and services using the virtual card's details (i.e. 16 digit card number, expiration date, and CVV). Using a virtual card for your purchases, instead of your regular credit or debit card, keeps your personal card details safe, private, and secure!

    You will find the MySudo virtual cards feature in the bottom right part of navigation bar for all your Sudo profiles. Tap the card icon and follow the steps to enable this new capability. We are currently working on more enhancements and additional funding sources for virtual cards, stay tuned! You can read more about MySudo virtual cards on our website: Blog and FAQ

    We have made many improvements and bug fixes in this update as well, here are the more visible ones:

    • Improvements to global notifications

    • Improvements to alert sounds and vibration when using default sounds for message and email notifications

    • Enhancement to area code handling for messaging

    • Improvements to browser and site handling

    • Improvement to browser with user’s whitelist domains settings being maintained after App launch

    • Enhancement to browser enabling long press links and option to copy link

    • Enhancement to email enabling long press links and option to copy

    • Improvements to “Select All” and “Read All” features for email

    • Improvements for calls from “No Caller ID” callers

    • Fixes a bug in the Compare Plans screen relating to calling minutes.
    • Improvements to App onboarding

    • MySudo for Web session connection improvements

    • And of course, we nailed a few crashes

    As always, if you run into any troubles or have a favourite request you’d like to be featured, send us an email at support@mysudo.com or post your feature request directly on the MySudo Community.

    *MySudo virtual cards only available in the U.S.
Version 1.3.0 (Apr 24, 2020)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience.

    In this update we are excited to be introducing our secure payments capability, MySudo virtual cards!

    In today’s digital world it is paramount to protect and keep private your personal credit and debit card details from hackers, trackers, and bad actors. MySudo virtual cards* puts you in control of your information. Virtual cards can be used to make purchases from online merchants, retailers, and services using the virtual card's details (i.e. 16 digit card number, expiration date, and CVV). Using a virtual card for your purchases, instead of your regular credit or debit card, keeps your personal card details safe, private, and secure!

    You will find the MySudo virtual cards feature in the bottom right part of navigation bar for all your Sudo profiles. Tap the card icon and follow the steps to enable this new capability. We are currently working on more enhancements and additional funding sources for virtual cards, stay tuned! You can read more about MySudo virtual cards on our website: Blog and FAQ

    We have made many improvements and bug fixes in this update as well, here are the more visible ones:

    • Improvements to global notifications

    • Improvements to alert sounds and vibration when using default sounds for message and email notifications

    • Enhancement to area code handling for messaging

    • Improvements to browser and site handling

    • Improvement to browser with user’s whitelist domains settings being maintained after App launch

    • Enhancement to browser enabling long press links and option to copy link

    • Enhancement to email enabling long press links and option to copy

    • Improvements to “Select All” and “Read All” features for email

    • Improvements for calls from “No Caller ID” callers

    • Improvements to App onboarding

    • MySudo for Web session connection improvements

    • And of course, we nailed a few crashes  

    As always, if you run into any troubles or have a favourite request you’d like to be featured, send us an email at support@mysudo.com or post your feature request directly on the MySudo Community.
     
    *MySudo virtual cards only available in the U.S.
Version 1.2.0 (Feb 12, 2020)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience.

    This update includes over 40 enhancements and bug fixes including:

    - Enable the new Ad and Tracker Blocking feature in the Private Browser to greatly enhance your privacy.
    - Remote content in emails (e.g. images) no longer load automatically, giving you more control over your privacy.
    - See which Sudo profile is being called on the incoming call notification.
    - Copy and paste images and Bitmojis directly into text messages.
    - The number pad on the phone dialer correctly plays the touch tone during on a call.
    - Notifications have been updated to conform with underlying iOS 13 notification changes.
    - iPad landscape mode received multiple updates to improve the iPad experience.
    - Several annoying crashes were fixed.

    As always, if you run into any troubles, send us an email at support@mysudo.com
Version 1.1.5 (Dec 8, 2019)
    Thank you for using MySudo! This quick update smooths out a bump or two from the previous release.

    As always, if you run into any troubles, send us an email at support@mysudo.com.
Version 1.1.4 (Dec 2, 2019)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience.

    This update includes over 50 bug fixes and tranquility enhancements, including:
    - Email zoom-in / zoom-out improvements for easier reading
    - Improved email security - control download of remote images/content
    - Copy/paste improvements of Bitmoji into messaging
    - iOS 13 compatibility improvements
    - Improvements on global notification handling
    - Fixed the number pad dial tone while on call
    - Improvements in landscape mode
    - Incoming call notification now displays the Sudo being called

    As always, if you run into any troubles, send us an email at support@mysudo.com
Version 1.1.3 (Oct 21, 2019)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience.

    We’re happy to introduce landscape mode for iPad! Now MySudo is even easier to use.

    This update also includes over 100 bug fixes and performance enhancements!

    - Improvements on seeing which Sudo profile is receiving a call
    - Some of those pesky crashes were hunted down
    - Notifications have vast improvements
    - Sending/receiving of images now has a progress indicator
    - Ability to turn on/off Privacy Tips & News from Team Sudo
    - Enjoy improved functionality and fewer bugs

    As always, if you run into any troubles, send us an email at support@mysudo.com
Version 1.1.2 (Sep 16, 2019)
    Thank you for using MySudo! This update includes a series of fixes to ensure notifications are received when the app is closed.

    As always, if you run into any troubles, send us an email at support@mysudo.com.
Version 1.1.1 (Aug 12, 2019)
    Thank you for using MySudo! This update includes bug fixes and performance improvements to the following:

    - Sending photos in text messages
    - Restoring a large MySudo account to a new device
    - Seeing unsent text messages clearly marked as ‘draft’

    As always, if you run into any troubles, send us an email at support@mysudo.com
Version 1.1.0 (Jun 24, 2019)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience.

    We’re happy to introduce our full-featured web browser built into MySudo. Keep your browsing history, bookmarks and tabs compartmentalized by Sudo. Stay tuned for ad and tracker blocking capabilities coming soon.

    Browser
    - Find the MySudo browser in the bottom right-hand corner of the navigation tab
    - Open links in text messages and emails in the MySudo browser
    - Tap back and forth between original messages and the web page

    Email
    - Compose an email and see your Sudo’s first/last name and email address above the subject field
    - Expand the email header on received and sent emails to see the names and email addresses the sender and recipients
    - Navigate to other tabs in the app when viewing an email and quickly navigate back without losing context

    Messages
    - Find text message attachment buttons in the paperclip menu when composing a text message
    - Access your device’s photo library when sending a photo from a text message
    - Tap on a notification from a different Sudo and automatically switch Sudos
    - Navigate to other tabs in the app when viewing a text message and quickly navigate back without losing context

    General
    - Swipe right to return to a previous screen (finally!)
    - Find the contacts tab in the left-hand menu
    - Enjoy compartmentalized Sudo contacts when composing an email or text message to prevent accidental communication from the wrong Sudo
    - Enjoy improved functionality and fewer bugs


    Got a favorite request you’d like to be featured? Send us an email at support@mysudo.com.
Version 1.0.1 (Apr 24, 2019)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience. See our latest updates in response to your requests:

    - Navigate in and out of an active call on MySudo to view content within the app
    - See which Sudo is active when opening the Sudo Switcher
    - View the your plans page to see exactly how many free numbers you have left
    - Pull down on a list to search locally within messages, emails, and contacts
    - Enjoy a tidy iOS Notifications Center after viewing corresponding content in MySudo
    - Leave voicemail messages up to 90 seconds in length
    - Enjoy improved functionality and fewer bugs


    Got a favorite request you’d like to be featured? Send us an email at support@mysudo.com.
Version 1.0.0 (Mar 26, 2019)
    Thank you for using MySudo! We update our app regularly to improve your experience. See our latest updates in response to your requests:

    We’ve given MySudo an entirely new look and feel. With an improved Sudo Switcher, faster launch time and a refreshed design, MySudo is now better than ever!

    • Sort your contacts by first or last name
    • Enjoy our new “almost” white chat background
    • Pull down to search within message, email, or contact lists
    • Search global content by opening the left-drawer menu
    • Tap to select a Sudo card; long press to copy specific Sudo details
    • Tap the icon in the top right corner to toggle between large and small Sudo cards
    • Know exactly how many free phone numbers you have left when deleting a phone number
    • Enjoy improved functionality and fewer bugs


    Got a favorite request you’d like to be featured? Send us an email at support@mysudo.com.
Version 0.9.13 (Feb 21, 2019)
    A special thanks to a helpful user for pointing out a bug affecting email replies on the iPad. Stay tuned for an exciting release just around the corner.

    Got a favorite bug you’d like to be featured? Send us an email at support@mysudo.com.
Version 0.9.12 (Feb 7, 2019)
    We've been listening to your feedback. See our latest updates in response to your requests:

    • Switch Sudos more quickly, especially if you have many Sudos
    • Contacts are now auto-filtered for your existing Sudo
    • Enjoy a redesigned plans screen, including a new annual plan
    • Enjoy 42 fewer bugs and crashes!

    Have a suggestion or bug you want to see featured above? We're all ears! Send them to support@mysudo.com.
Version 0.9.11 (Jan 2, 2019)
    We’ve been listening to your feedback. See our latest updates in response to your requests:

    - View global notifications across all Sudos
    - Select a phone number for a contact with multiple numbers when calling or texting
    - Get prompted when you’re communicating with a contact from the wrong Sudo
    - Enjoy 39 fewer bugs and crashes!

    Have a suggestion or bug you want to see featured above? We’re all ears! Send them to support@mysudo.com.
Version 0.9.10 (Nov 26, 2018)
    We’ve been listening to your feedback. See our latest updates in response to your requests:

    - View your Sudo details while on an active call
    - Swipe through attachments in a chat from the thread details screen
    - See contact name with typing bubble in group messages
    - Receive multiple push notifications at once
    - Enjoy 58 fewer bugs and crashes!

    Have a suggestion or bug you want to see featured above? We’re all ears! Send them to support@mysudo.com
Version 0.9.9 (Nov 1, 2018)
    Hello from Team Sudo! We’ve been listening to your feedback and we’re happy to announce the addition of some of our top requested features.

    Here’s what’s new:

    - Set a passcode, or use TouchID or FaceID to secure your MySudo app. Simply open the app and go to ‘Settings’ > ‘TouchID/FaceID & PIN’ > toggle the setting to ‘ON’ > and enter your passcode.
    - Safely backup your Sudo data! It is a simple two-step process: create a password to protect your backup and then sync with iTunes or iCloud. If anything ever happens to your device, your Sudo data will be restored when you set up your replacement device using iTunes or iCloud.
    - Transfer your Sudo data to another phone using a QR code. Your Sudo data is instantly available on the other device
    - Create custom voicemail greetings for each of your Sudo identities. To change your voicemail greetings, open the app and go to ‘Settings’ > Choose a Sudo > ‘Voicemail Greeting’ > and customize your own message.
    - Choose your audio source—including Bluetooth headphones—during an active call.
    - We’ve also added a feature that saves your SMS drafts if you leave the chat before sending.

    We’ve also fixed several bugs and crashes. Thanks for using MySudo!

    —————

    Have a favorite bug for us that you want featured above? We’d love to listen. Just send your feedback to support@mysudo.com, and we’ll do our best to accommodate.
Version 0.9.8 (Oct 8, 2018)
    Team Sudo here with exciting updates!
    We’re happy to announce that MySudo now supports Video Calling for all SudoIn users. All video calls are encrypted end-to-end to ensure that your conversations stay private and secure. To start a video call, open your MySudo Contacts list, choose a SudoIn contact and click on the video icon. Invite your friends to MySudo for absolutely private, safe, secure, and FREE communications.

    MySudo now allows you to select from a handful of custom chat backgrounds. Simply go to your settings, click on ‘Messages’ and choose a wallpaper.

    We’ve also improved MySudo’s overall performance and speed, updated read receipt functionality and fixed some nasty bugs. Thanks for using MySudo!

    If you’re loving MySudo, we’d love a review from you. If you’re not, please don’t hesitate to tell us at support@mysudo.com

    A note to iOS 10 users: This is the last release that supports iOS 10. All future releases will support iOS 11 and above. So make sure you upgrade your phone!
Version 0.9.7 (Aug 28, 2018)
    Hello from Team Sudo! Happy to report that notification settings are now saving correctly, and we’ve also made a couple of crash fixes.
Version 0.9.6 (Aug 20, 2018)
    Team Sudo here with a couple of updates.

    We’re happy to announce that SudoMax plan users will now be able to add up to 9 Sudo identities and phone numbers.

    We’ve also added a couple of cool features to your Sudo identity cards. Simply click on the ellipsis to add some notes about your Sudo, or easily share your Sudo identity card from the app or from your device.

    Lastly, SudoApp users can now transfer all of their Sudo identities to MySudo. To get started, make sure you’ve updated to the latest version of SudoApp in the Apple App Store. Then, simply open SudoApp and follow the prompts to move all of your Sudo identities to MySudo.
Version 0.9.5 (Jul 26, 2018)
    Team Sudo is happy to announce that MySudo is now available in France and the United Kingdom! This means that you can now create Sudo identities with custom phone numbers and emails for these countries.

    As an added bonus, we also dropped the prices for SudoGo, SudoPro and SudoMax plans—for existing and new users. Woohoo!
Version 0.9.4 (Jun 20, 2018)
    Hello from Team Sudo! Happy to report that we cleaned up the code, made a few quality improvements, and fixed all of the inappropriate, accidental tapping.

    We also introduced a new, 1-year free trial for MySudo users. That means both new and existing MySudo users will get a total of 12 months to experience the power of using their Sudo identity to search, shop, sell and socialize—in private and in control.
Version 0.9.2 (May 16, 2018)
    Hello! Team Sudo here. Taking care of a few pesky bugs and added the ability to toggle message read receipts on/off in Message Settings.

    Have a favorite bug that you need smashed? Just send your feedback to support@mysudo.com and we’ll get right on it. Thanks for using MySudo!
Version 0.9.1 (Apr 19, 2018)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Meet24 - Flirt, Chat, Singles
TeleNow: Call & Text Unlimited
Vyke: Second Phone Number
Topface: dating app and chat
Nextplus: Private Phone Number
Twoo - Meet new people
Waplog - Dating & Video-Chat
PingMe - Second Phone Number
Text Vault - Texting App
SIMless - 2nd Phone Number
IQ Classifications
Genre: Social Media
Subgenre: Communication
Communication
Apps that allow two or more parties to have conversations over real-time instant messaging.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
No data is available.
Last Featured (Global)
iPhone Market
Not featuredon App Store homepage
1 time
on App Store category pages
Versions

    1.25.0
    Current release
    Feb 8, 2024
    1.24.0
    Dec 18, 2023
    1.23.0
    Oct 30, 2023
    1.22.2
    Oct 4, 2023
    1.22.1
    Sep 20, 2023
    1.22.0
    Aug 28, 2023
    1.21.1
    Jun 18, 2023
    1.21.0
    Jun 13, 2023
    1.20.1
    Apr 16, 2023
    1.20.0
    Apr 10, 2023
    1.19.1
    Jan 24, 2023
    1.19.0
    Jan 18, 2023
    1.18.1
    Dec 14, 2022
    1.18.1
    Dec 14, 2022
    1.18.0
    Oct 19, 2022
    1.17.0
    Aug 11, 2022
    1.16.1
    Jun 19, 2022
    1.16.0
    Jun 13, 2022
    1.15.1
    Apr 27, 2022
    1.15.0
    Apr 4, 2022
    1.14.0
    Feb 8, 2022
    1.13.1
    Nov 12, 2021
    1.13.0
    Nov 8, 2021
    1.12.0
    Sep 7, 2021
    1.11.0
    Jul 26, 2021
    1.10.0
    Feb 23, 2021
    1.9.0
    Dec 17, 2020
    1.8.0
    Dec 1, 2020
    1.7.0
    Sep 7, 2020
    1.6.0
    Jul 29, 2020
    1.5.1
    Jul 16, 2020
    1.5.0
    Jul 6, 2020
    1.4.1
    Jun 8, 2020
    1.4.0
    Jun 2, 2020
    1.3.1
    Apr 25, 2020
    1.3.0
    Apr 24, 2020
    1.2.0
    Feb 12, 2020
    1.1.5
    Dec 8, 2019
    1.1.4
    Dec 2, 2019
    1.1.3
    Oct 21, 2019
    1.1.2
    Sep 16, 2019
    1.1.1
    Aug 12, 2019
    1.1.0
    Jun 24, 2019
    1.0.1
    Apr 24, 2019
    1.0.0
    Mar 26, 2019
    0.9.13
    Feb 21, 2019
    0.9.12
    Feb 7, 2019
    0.9.11
    Jan 2, 2019
    0.9.10
    Nov 26, 2018
    0.9.9
    Nov 1, 2018
    0.9.8
    Oct 8, 2018
    0.9.7
    Aug 28, 2018
    0.9.6
    Aug 20, 2018
    0.9.5
    Jul 26, 2018
    0.9.4
    Jun 20, 2018
    0.9.2
    May 16, 2018
    0.9.1
    Apr 19, 2018

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    SudoPro Monthly
    $4.99
    SudoGo Monthly
    $0.99
    SudoMax Monthly
    $14.99
    SudoPro Yearly
    $49.99
    SudoMax Yearly
    $149.99
    Number Reset
    $0.99
    SudoGo Yearly
    $9.99
    Link Bank Account
    $2.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Social Networking

Initial Release Date
    Apr 19, 2018

Worldwide Release Date
    Aug 6, 2018

Last Updated Time
    Mar 2, 2024

Version
    1.25.0

Size
    246.57 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    Anonyome Labs, Inc

Company HQ
    United States

Content Rating
    Rated 17+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 15.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.anonyome.mysudo

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Support Url

App Privacy Policy Url

Company Website

App ID: 1237892621
Unified App ID: 1000800000147503

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

MySudo - Private & Secure | data.ai
