Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

ZoomNotes
Deliverance Software LtdProductivity (Applications)$7.99
Alerts

    Deliverance Software Ltd

    ZoomNotes
    ZoomNotes

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
ZoomNotes
Notetake, Sketch, PDF, Present
Productivity (Applications)
$7.99
App Description
ZoomNotes is the most comprehensive visual note-taking app with huge zoom range. Make handwritten notes and sketches on virtual paper, huge WhiteBoards , PDF files, images and MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint documents (via GoogleDrive). Sync your documents between your iPad and iPhone with iCloud.

ZoomNotes is compatible with any capacitive stylus pen and also with the top electronic pens on the market including the fabulous Apple Pencil.

ZoomNotes Desktop for Mac now also available.

Features include:

MULTIPLE PEN TYPES
There are 8 pen types to choose from including gel, nib, pencil and watercolour each with unlimited line thicknesses.

HANDWRITING RECOGNITION
Search handwritten notes.

DIGITAL PLANNING
Either import a planner pdf or use the ‘Custom digital planner’ option to create your own. You can configure a planner to show events and reminders from the Calendar and Reminder apps.

SUB-PAGES
This unique feature allows you to use ‘pages within pages’. This allows you to use sticky-notes and enables the creation of hierarchical visual files. You can also insert whole pdf files as sub-pages, or import pages from other ZoomNotes documents into a sub-page.

BOOKMARKS
Bookmarks allow you save views in your documents, and then return to them at a later date. There are animated playback facilities to allow you to present with or to create videos from your document.

LINKS
Add links between pages, and even between documents. This lets you create your own digital planners, enhance imported pdf planners or create indices.

SPLIT_SCREEN
Edit and view two documents side by side (or above and below). You can now also have 2 views of the same document.

CALENDAR EVENTS
Add events/reminders linked to your documents, possibly with alarms. The URL in the event links back to the document in ZoomNotes.

HUGE ZOOM RANGE, WHITEBOARD MODE
Zoom in and out without arbitrary limits including rotated views.

LAYERS
Layers let you control what is visible on a page, also options for 'master layers' which show on all pages.

WRITE OVER PDF FILES
Import and write over PDFs, Microsoft Office files Word, Excel and PowerPoint (via GoogleDrive).

UNLIMITED PAPER SIZES AND STYLES
Make your page as small or as large as you like. Choose any type of paper with our configurable paper types.


FULLY EDITABLE
In ZoomNotes, you can select, scale, rotate, shift and flip (mirror) objects. Cut, copy and paste are also available, including between documents, pages and other apps.

SHAPES AND ARROWS
Regular shapes and arrows (ideal for visual mapping); they can be drawn with the polygon tool or roughly drawn by hand and automatically converted into the exact geometric shape.

SYMBOL LIBRARY
Fully configurable library of reusable shapes and images.

IMAGES AND IMAGE EDITING
Insert images (photos) in your documents at any size and scale. Crop, mask, re-sample, edit transparency, scan-correct and deform images. Insert images and videos from camera or photo library.

TYPED TEXT
Enter typed text via keyboard; with a wide range of fonts and font sizes, font colours, fills and borders. Text can be entered at all zoom scales and can be selected and moved, scaled and rotated.

RECORD AND PLAYBACK SOUNDS
Including import and export of mp3 files. You can also insert a sound recording on the page to which it relates. Now linked to drawing.

SHARE DOCUMENTS
Share documents as PDF files, images, videos or ZoomNotes documents (via email, iTunes, clipboard, Dropbox, Twitter and Evernote, Airdrop, iCloud Drive and Open in.

USE FOR PRESENTATIONS
ZoomNotes is VGA compatible for use with projectors, monitors and AirPlay.

MAGNIFICATION WINDOW
Write into a zoomed in view whilst still viewing the zoomed out view.

There are lots more details including videos or the app in action at www.zoom-notes.com.
We respond to every email sent to support@zoom-notes.com
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.5
Total Displayed Ratings
2.1k

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 8.8.31 (Feb 21, 2024)
    Text horizontal alignment now on text toolbar
    New ‘Edit whilst locked’ text option
    Grab scale about centre option
    Fix for continuous scroll and pdf page caching crash

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.30 (Feb 14, 2024)
    New calendar option to 'Always list all-day events' - so you get a column of them at the top of the day
    You can now enabled/disable layer name editing (layers menu) - this helps people who have ‘Scribble’ enabled
    Fix for event titles being centre justified rather than left justified

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.29 (Feb 8, 2024)
    Text horizontal formatting now per paragraph
    'Page numbers' (in document properties) has a font and font size to configure
    Fix for double tap when using pen tool
    Fix for positioning of the Text toolbar

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.28 (Feb 6, 2024)
    Pressure sensitivity is now part of pen settings which can be saved as part of saved settings
    Fix for selecting specific pages when sharing a document
    Zoom out added as an option for 2 finger double/triple tap gesture
    Select pdf text - now copies text font styles too

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.

Version 8.8.27 (Jan 27, 2024)
    Added a 'Import tool settings' (from document template) to make it easier to work on a ZoomNotes document imported from another user.

    New option for paper templates (in template’s properties) to optimise to a single image

    Improvements to continuous scroll mode (when viewing whole page to stop lateral movement)

    In page manager, the 'Sub-pages' button now only shows pages with sub-pages.

    Fixes include:
    fix for straight line dashes (dash ends were inverted)
    fix for saved symetric shape settings (preview showed no difference between symmetric and non-symmetric shapes)
    fix for eraser on straight lines (would remove whole line)
    fix for text line height / line spacing calculation
    fix for overlapping text option

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.26 (Jan 10, 2024)
    New: Dotted line style for Self-tip and Draft ink. Also as an option for shape perimeter and arrowed lines.
    New: Dashed and dotted line style now ‘pressure sensitive’

    A fix for rotated groups and moving them accurately
    Fix for text toolbar overlapping side bar

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.25 (Dec 19, 2023)
    Support for PDF forms. You can now import pdf forms and fill them out in zoomnotes. In addition you can use ZoomNotes as a ‘form designer’ by adding text fields which will represent form fields in a pdf form. A new option when sharing as PDF file allow you to export as a PDF form. Text now has a new setting 'Form field' which marks it as a field on a form which needs completing.
    New feature in Select pdf text - set page title
    Fix for access to '+' symbol button when panel pinned to side


    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.24 (Nov 30, 2023)
    New 'Nudge 1 pixel' function
    New option in main app settings, General section, Documents to limit the number of revisions
    New document property function - 'Add pdf background' - this adds solid colour behind a pdf page in the rare cases when a pdf file a transparent background
    Arrowed straight lines now show the arrow as you drag the line out for the first time
    When using 'Convert to text' you can now switch between downloaded languages
    Improved magnification windows in text editor (used for moving caret and selecting text)
    Fix for line drawing accuracy in continuous scroll mode
    Saved settings now indicate which is the currently selected one

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.23 (Nov 8, 2023)
    New option to adjust sound playback speed( x1, x1.5, x2)
    New function to limit the resolution of image symbols (symbols which contain a single image). You can select the maximum image resolution you require and new symbols you create will be checked and resizes accordingly. You can also check existing symbols but beware this is not undoable!
    Various improvements to the 'Distort image' function
    Fix for external screen scaling
    Other improvements and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.22 (Oct 23, 2023)
    Urgent fix - drawing of freehand shapes was crashing

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.20 (Oct 4, 2023)
    iOS 17 fix for removing pop-up windows
    Symbol window too small on iOS 17
    Stopwatch/countdown time to show on external screen
    Added a ‘Clear all’ option for ‘Saved clips’
    Fixes include
    - text edit cursor size when starting to edit a blank text
    - fill area with image - scale of image filling small areas was incorrect
    - 'Clear page' clearing locked items

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.19 (Sep 24, 2023)
    Important fix for a crash on startup on iOS 17
    Fix for Edit workspace settings in iOS 17
    Other fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.

Version 8.8.17 (Sep 19, 2023)
    Support for iOS 17
    Fix for delete of text characters when in Chinese keyboard
    Fix for tag changes in iCloud documents when synchronised between devices

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.15 (Sep 8, 2023)
    New link function - 'Toggle hidden'. This will alternately hide and show the link shape and can be used to obscure things on a page and have them revealed when the link is pressed
    Added date/time to Dropbox, GoogleDrive and MS OneDrive directory lists
    Added an ‘Reset hidden' to the pages section of the selection settings
    Improved import of pdf files (could take a long time)
    Fix for 'Move to back' not showing updated position until items de-selected. This was a general problem (especially noticeable with translucent items) which I have now fixed.
    Fix for auto-straight line

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.14 (Aug 23, 2023)
    Fix for documents shared on iCloud creating unnecessary duplicates
    Fix for 'auto-straight line' detection
    Better pinch zoom when editing text

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.13 (Aug 10, 2023)
    New Adonit stylus sdk
    Improvement to eraser tool (the way it refreshes the screen)
    Better handling of selection and undo - it will leave items selected if it can
    Various fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.12 (Jul 21, 2023)
    Small enhancement to Angle ruler
    Urgent fix for page properties crashing

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.11 (Jul 16, 2023)
    Updated the ‘Watercolour’ style ink; this includes a new ‘Edge darkening’ option and the ability to select a water colour stroke and add more strokes to it.
    Auto-backup to pdf improvement for documents using Pdf page caching
    New screen button colours for the 'Doc-bar' background and text
    Ungroup will ungroup more than one selected group at a time - it will also say when it did not find any groups - so if you want to ungroup until there are no more groups - keep pressing 'Ungroup'
    Angles on the ruler bar are configurable - long press on one and the current angle will be assigned to that button
    New option for the triangle ruler to show angles along its edges.
    Fix for the numbers displayed on rulers when zoomed in a lot

    Some other optimisations, fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.10 (Jun 7, 2023)
    New stopwatch button - you'll have to enable it in the workspace settings, User Interface, Top bar. Tap on the button to start/stop a countdown timer. Long press on it to adjust settings - choose between a stopwatch and countdown timer. Time is shown in its own popup window which you can drag around.

    Added an option to control whether a long press with the Apple Pencil should show the edit menu

    Fix for page outline view
    Fix for fitting saved (pens) settings bar on side bar
    Fix for 'Auto straight line'
    Fix for 'Cross out to delete'
    Fix for Shape recognition

    Some other optimisations, fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.8 (May 24, 2023)
    New zoom tool settings for 'Draw page tags' and 'page tag scale' - these control whether page tag markers are drawn on each page
    Sub documents now are ‘write-throughable’
    New zoom option - 'Zoom into link' will change into a sub-document when you zoom in so that the link area fills the screen
    New option for calendar documents - 'Highlight today shadow' to turn on/off drop shadow
    Bookmark transitions will new transition 'through' links
    Zoom tool options, Select tool options and Handwriting tool options have been updated to categorise their options into sections
    Shape, table and straight line tools can now use the delete button

    Other optimisations, fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.7 (May 1, 2023)
    'Change colour' - new option in image edit (Crop, resize)
    ‘Rotate’ - new option in image edit (Crop, resize)
    Animated transitions between sub-documents now smoother
    New shadow option in page properties for sub-documents

    Fixed a crash when changing height of the triangle ruler
    Fix for the font size of 'Link notes’

    Some other optimisations, fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.6 (Apr 14, 2023)
    Improved ‘in-place’ text editing
    Improved layout of events when they are overlapping (in time and duration)
    Fix for webdav (folders with space in name stopped it working)
    Fix for pdf links stopping working

    Some other optimisations, fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.5 (Mar 31, 2023)
    New link function - ‘Pop-up notes’
    New pdf export option - ‘Page tag markers’
    New: Drag and drop email messages from mail app to create a link back to the email message
    Search bar added to:
    selection function menu, 
    document properties 
    page settings, 
    handwriting options, 
    selection options , 
    zoom tool options , 
    document calendar properties,
    app general settings, 
    app interface settings

    Fix for ‘Delete’ key on Magic Keyboards
    Fix for autobackup to webdav
    Link option to 'Open split-screen' now uses the new window mechanism
    External Web links can now be opened split screen

    Some other optimisations, fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.4 (Mar 3, 2023)
    Urgent fix for pre-iOS 15 users.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.3 (Feb 28, 2023)
    NEW: ’Pin' documents on the doc-bar so that they remain on the left hand side
    Fix for layers when importing pages from another document (extra layers would be created unnecessarily)
    Folder properties now says how much storage is being used
    Revisions in document properties tells you the total size of the revisions
    'Copy properties to pages' now has a 'Use tags' option to select the pages to copy to from their tags
    'Copy properties to pages' now lets you copy a pages tags to other pages
    Fix for unzip PDF Files

    Some other optimisations, fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.2 (Jan 27, 2023)
    NEW: ‘Write through’ option for shapes linked to pages or bookmarks. This makes the link behave like you have the actual page inserted and you can write (through) to that page and make changes to it directly.

    NEW: ‘Add pages grid’ - an easy way to add more than one write-through page links

    Moving window links update the preview in realtime making it easier to position them

    Some other optimisations, fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.1 (Jan 10, 2023)
    Urgent fix for crash when creating sub-documents

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.0 (Jan 6, 2023)
    New: Import pages onto a infinite whiteboard page (includes pdf document based pages)
    Various fixes and optimisations
    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.8.0 (Jan 6, 2023)
    New: Import pages onto a infinite whiteboard page (includes pdf document based pages)
    Various fixes and optimisations
    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.7.12 (Dec 19, 2022)
    External screen - Long press on the 'Toggle external screen' button on the top bar to choose external screen resolution
    Bookmarks - 'Loop selected' option to just play the selected bookmarks.
    Bookmarks will now show a 3d page turn animation (when configured) - this includes when exporting bookmarks to a video.
    Various other fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.7.11 (Dec 14, 2022)
    New page option for pages - 'Double width'. This doubles the width of each page giving space for notes - especially useful for pdf based documents.
    A fix for 'Highlight to back' to stop highlight going behind opaque objects like images or shapes
    Import pdf now lets you choose a document template on which to base the imported pdf file

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.7.10 (Dec 8, 2022)
    Fix for pre iOS 16 crashing on startup
    Fix for text paragraphs becoming confused
    New text bullet option for 'Bullet Journaling Tasks' - tapping on one of these bullet symbols will change it to the next in the sequence.
    . represents a task to be done, x represents a completed task, 'less than' symbol represents a task which has be 'scheduled' and 'greater than' symbol represents a task which has been migrated to another place in the journal.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.7.9 (Dec 7, 2022)
    New link function - 'search for tag'
    Fix for connecting to external screens
    Various other fixes related to multiple window support

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.7.8 (Dec 1, 2022)
    New: 
    Multi window support
    Page properties - 'Freeze calendar settings’; also edit 'Frozen' calendar settingse
    New page setting: Draw page perimeter
    Faster startup (when there are lots of iCloud documents)
    Planner creator tabs - ‘Add ‘today’ tab option
    Changed 'Merge images' to 'Merge to image' - this now converts selected items to a single image

    Lots of other fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.7.7 (Nov 2, 2022)
    Recurring reminders will now show on planner documents

    A change for planner documents - word wrap now works when events/reminders are listed in columns

    Some other optimisations, fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.7.6 (Oct 27, 2022)
    New: Erase other types (other than handwritten strokes) - options to control which ones.
    New: Doc bar menu now lets you create a new document (long press gesture to show menu)
    New: Import pdf pages to specific point in document
    New: ‘Pan only’ option for magnification window
    Fill icon shows the fill pattern when applicable
    Fix: pencil and watercolour ink pressure sensitivity

    Lots of other optimisations, fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.7.5 (Sep 23, 2022)
    New: Split up infinite pages (into standard pages)
    Various fixes for editing table text and keeping plot updated
    Plots now can have titles for their x and y axes
    Search bar when moving symbols to a new folder
    Added folder name when renaming a symbol (useful when searching for a symbol)
    Fix for continuous scroll mode sometimes misaligning handwriting
    Various fixes for toolbar button inconsistencies
    Fixed bookmark rename issue

    Lots of other optimisations, fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.7.4 (Sep 10, 2022)
    NEW: ‘Plot selected’ - a new way of creating simple graphs and bar and pie charts; tables can now contain values (text) in their cells - this links to the plot functions to make it really easy to create graphs and charts and also to add values into existing charts.

    Lots of other optimisations, fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.7.3 (Aug 6, 2022)
    NEW: Text can now be a link
    NEW: ‘Quick document’ - set a paper template or document template to use and then this will create a new document using that template
    NEW: Copy properties to pages now has 'Selected items'
    NEW: Reduce image resolution 'whole document' option
    Various other fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.7.2 (Jul 14, 2022)
    NEW: Drag and drop cvs file from iCloud Drive (Files app) to create a table of the data
    NEW: 'Sum selected numbers' - select text which contain numbers and this will add them up and put the result in the pasteboard
    NEW: Select tool option - 'Scale about centre'
    NEW: Button on the top bar to Show/Hide the document bar

    Various other fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.7.1 (Jun 21, 2022)
    New: Rename tags now possible
    New: Links have an option to 'Open in split-screen'

    Various other fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.7.0 (Jun 15, 2022)
    New: 'backwards compatible' file format ZND - this make it much easier to share ZND files with people
    New: Drag and Drop to insert symbols
    Place more than one symbols at a time (button) - also select a table to fill each cell in the table with a symbol
    Migrate function works for non-calendar documents
    Search pdf grids
    Fix for pdf grids which contain lots of different sized pages
    Create indices - when a table is selected prior to choosing one of the create indices functions the table is used to place the links (in the table's cells)

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.6.12 (Jun 7, 2022)
    New: 'PDF Grid' option - a 'pdf grid' lays-out the pdf pages into a grid which are all visible on one page - you get to see the whole pdf document on one page and you can annotate the pages. You can alter how many rows/columns are in the grid of pages as well as the spacing in-between the pages.
    New: iCloud now synchronises folder structure
    External screen - the top toolbar now has a button to toggle between Mirror iPad screen and a no-ui screen of the document being edited
    Other fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.6.11 (May 21, 2022)
    New ‘Make extrusion image’ - extrude text, shapes or lines to 3d
    New 'Copy properties to pages' - Insert date text
    Added ‘Toggle’ button for toggling selection of documents
    Fixed issues with Dark Mode UI colours

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.6.10 (May 5, 2022)
    Improvements to iCloud UI (progress indicators when downloading updates from another device)
    New master layer text settings (main app settings, Interface, screen button colours)
    Fix for auto backup as pdf files
    Fix for import of video directly from camera
    Other improvements and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.6.9 (Apr 29, 2022)
    Drag markers on rulers + new centre rotate mechanism
    Pdf options added for auto-backup
    Added ability to search all images for text (OCR) at once
    Straight line improvement - line end points now kept ‘snapped’ together
    New copy properties option to ensure page dates run contiguously across consecutive pages

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.6.8 (Apr 15, 2022)
    ‘Recently used’ selection functions.
    Saved selection settings - either individual or a sequence of selection functions. (Same UI as other saved tool settings)
    New option within the 'Move documents' window to copy (instead of move)
    Fix for importing zipped ZND files
    Fix for scaling rotated objects

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.6.7 (Apr 6, 2022)
    New function to 'duplicate current layer'
    New setting for arrowed lines - Linear (as opposed to Curvy)
    Page settings now has horizontal padding and vertical padding
    Fix for iCloud auto-backup
    Fix for misaligned pdf document with annotations (in rare circumstances)

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.6.6 (Mar 31, 2022)
    Changes include -
    'Tool options' now accessible from edit menu
    Override the folder preview text colour
    You can now access 'Configure events' from the digital planner creator - this gives you a greater control over how events and reminders will be displayed in the created planner.
    Digital planner settings now re-arranged so 'Events' is on its own tab
    Saved settings toolbar shows the group number currently being displayed
    New selection filter option ‘Links'
    Various other optimisations and improvements

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.6.5 (Mar 22, 2022)
    NEW: Select drag tool - a bit like the way the eraser tool works - just drag over the top of items and you will see them become selected. You can configure the colour of the highlighting in the main app settings, Interface section.

    Planner creator changes:
    Options to allow different reminder font sizes for Month, Week and day pages
    Configure date format for day pages
    Year line thickness - to show lines around each of the month calendars
    Option to ‘Copy properties to pages’ - ‘Event area insets’
    Planner creator - now uses the \dt text from the layout symbols for all the text attributes not just the position
    Fix for document create time ( was getting the wrong date sometimes)
    Fix for screen refreshes which could become blurred when pinch zooming
    Fix for ‘Play all’ bookmark mode

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.6.4 (Mar 4, 2022)
    New 'Spacing' tool - tap and drag up or down to adjust the amount of space between lines of annotation - it adjusts the notes below the point you tap (and optionally subsequent pages) by shifting the annotations elements up or down and moving them between pages as appropriate
    New: Crossout text option
    New option for Autobackup - iCloud Drive
    Various other optimisations and refinements

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.6.3 (Feb 14, 2022)
    Fix for Symbol names showing as 'untitled'
    Speak option for selected text

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.6.2 (Feb 7, 2022)
    Handwriting Recognition now has support for many more languages.
    Search now has a 'case sensitive' and 'whole word' options
    Search and Replace (of Text)
    Options to configure your own tab labels and Month and Day names to use in custom planner creator
    Other enhancements and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.

Version 8.6.1 (Jan 14, 2022)
    New Custom digital planner options for data alignment - Left Centre Right
    pdf outline improvements

    Fix for iCloud inconsistencies
    Fix for 'Planner configuration' - Apply was missing

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.6.0 (Dec 22, 2021)
    New and improved in-app help. Settings now have help buttons to reveal help about the settings and where appropriate a video button to show a video describing the feature.
    Advanced/Basic mode to settings.
    'Select pdf text' now has a 'Link' option to create a link to the selected text
    A new digital planner for 2022 is included in this update. Don't forget you can use the custom digital planner creator to create you own too.
    Other changes include:
    Custom planner options now let you have Months and weeks have different 'Monday/Sunday starts'
    Option to 'show completed reminders'
    Zoom scale window now shows page preview
    New option when exporting to pdf 'Calendar events/reminders' - to include these in pdf
    Change for Custom digital planner creator - use of symbols for a page layout now lets you add a text object to define the date position. The text object must have' \dt' as its text to be recognised as the date position specifier

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.21 (Dec 6, 2021)
    NEW: Outline feature - will import pdf outlines and you can add new ones; and they are included in exported pdf files too.
    NEW : Select text in pdf files - with options to copy, define, highlight, strikethrough and underline
    Lots of other fixes, improvements and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.20 (Nov 6, 2021)
    New: ‘Reorder’ bookmarks (based on which pages they are on)
    New: Selection menu icons
    GIF improvements

    Fixes:
    Renaming documents with '.' in the name
    Bookmark export as video (grey transitions)
    Deleting a page (when in scroll mode)
    Moving in and out of sub-documents in continuous scroll mode

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.19 (Oct 25, 2021)
    NEW: support for GIF files
    New day/date option in the custom digital planner for week pages
    Various bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.18 (Oct 18, 2021)
    NEW:
    Shape links - 'Keep link on date' now has an 'Offset' which can be either -1, 0 or 1. -1 will be 'yesterday' or 'last week' or 'last month'. Plus one will be 'tomorrow', 'next week', or 'next month’

    Fixes include:
    Fix for exporting as ZND when there are Master layers
    Better handling of movie files
    Fix for 'Copy properties to pages' - page date properties
    Fix for when editing text in a text box - grabbing the selection markers was slightly off

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.17 (Oct 13, 2021)
    NEW:
    Move selected into a new sub-document
    ‘Paste’ as a double tap gesture function
    Option for shapes 'Fill colour matches border'

    Fixes:
    Ink capture - now a bit smoother
    Pdf links were showing in the wrong place for some imported pdf files
    Fix for split screen when looking at the same document - it was messing up which page was being viewed when moving the split line to resize the views
    Fix for importing pages from another document - it was not doing bookmarks and layers correctly

    DigiPlanner Changes:
    You can now show events and show reminders independently
    You can now select which iCal calendars should be used for Month, Week and Day pages
    New possibility for custom digital planner - symbol for week pages can now accept 7 rectangles - one for each day

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.16 (Sep 23, 2021)
    Grab tool with selected shapes now retains the selected shape perimeter as the grab area

    Usability:
    Fix for edit menu not appearing sometimes
    Fix for side settings panel overlapping the text tool bar
    Pasting into a non-visible layer now makes that layer visible

    Fixes:
    A fix for bullet points in text getting muddled up
    Fix for crash in copy and pasting bookmark frames

    External screen:
    Fix for using auto straight-line when presenting to external screen
    Drawing an arrowed line, shape or table were not updating external screen

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.15 (Sep 14, 2021)
    NEW:
    'Highlight all links' in the zoom tool settings - this will colour all links in a solid colour - useful for seeing where links are

    Drag drop 'Scale to shape' option added (Selection options). This controls whether the dropped items will be scaled to fit the shape (or table) they are dropped on. This now works both for images dropped from another app and for items dragged from within ZoomNotes

    'Curvy text' option for straight lines
    'Position along line' option for straight lines
    New page options- 'Margin double lines' and custom column sizes

    New text option to adjust the size of super/subscript text

    ‘Highlight current’ option for both custom digital planner creator and ‘Add tabbed pages’ - makes it clear which tab refers to the current page

    Fixes and improvements including-
    Fix for renaming symbols
    Zoom tool settings now 'pin-able' to be consistent with other tools

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.14 (Aug 22, 2021)
    Fixes:
    Cornell paper style - left hand lined area not working
    'Create page background image' has stopped working
    Page previews when page settings changed were not being updated
    Paste link from pasteboard button had stopped working (shape properties)

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.12 (Aug 20, 2021)
    NEW: 'Add tabbed pages' feature - much easier to add some tabbed pages to a document
    NEW: Pages bar now has a 'Duplicate current page' button (you can turn this on/off in workspace)
    NEW: Event option to put time first (when showing events/reminders on a calendar page)
    NEW: Favourite colour and thickness buttons for Shape, Straight line, Table and Text tools

    Fixes:
    Fix for text bullet list check boxes
    Fix for page previews not being up to date
    Fix for (new) tags showing up black when imported from a document
    Fix for collapsing menus sometimes not working
    Fix for paste sometimes pasting an image rather than pen strokes

    Changes:
    Add month overview - now has a 'Add days header' (e.g M T W T F S S). Also select a table and have a month overview in each cell.
    Eraser tool settings now show in pinned side settings panel.
    Custom digital planner 'Auxiliary tabs' now has the same ability to assign labels to the tabs as the 'Add tabbed pages’.
    XCallback to create a new document (x-zoomnotes://create? will now create a new document based on the default document template). You can set up a shortcut in the Shortcuts app to do this)

    Various other fixes and optimisations.
    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.

Version 8.5.11 (Jul 14, 2021)
    New:
    Hue adjustment now also has an 'Exposure' adjustment
    Apply colour palette to image - process an image so that it consists of only the colours in the palette
    2 new text box settings 'Auto resize' and 'Show whole text box'
    Fixes for 'Dark edit mode' (text boxes and magnification window)

    Various other fixes and optimisations.
    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.10 (Jul 8, 2021)
    New:
    Hue adjustment for images
    Ask about a revision only when the document has been edited
    Added a 'Line height' indicator to Text settings to show what the effective line height is going to be (a combination of font size and line spacing adjustment).

    Various other fixes and optimisations.
    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.

Version 8.5.9 (Jun 25, 2021)
    New
    'Simple tabbed notebook' option for digital planner creator
    Drag drop folder of images into symbol manager
    Side bar centred option
    'Dark editing mode' - Main app settings, Interface, Colours section. This will put the editor into 'Dark mode' white paper 
    will be shown black and colours will be adjusted to show against the dark page. "Mirror dark mode' option which will 
    switch to 'dark editing mode' when dark mode changes on the device
    Fill area tool has a new option to create a filled shape (alternative to creating an image which fills the area)

    Various other improvements and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.8 (Jun 17, 2021)
    New:
    Favourite colour and pen thickness buttons
    Font picker UI
    Drag drop pdf files into paper template manager
    Fixes:
    Dutch door from image (when the image was flipped horizontally)
    Text to Handwriting now trained using tables to partition each handwritten letter

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.7 (Jun 10, 2021)
    New: vertical 3d page turn option
    New: 'compress images' function
    Other fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.6 (Jun 6, 2021)
    New :
    Collapsing menus for faster navigation
    Make dutch door from image
    Find boundary shape (of transparent image)
    Shape operations (union, intersect and subtract)
    'Back one' 'Forwards one' - ordering by one position
    Eraser option for 'Only in current layer'
    Revision option - 'On close'
    Polygon and Shape tools merged
    Fix for email password when 'Password only for folders' enabled

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.

Version 8.5.5 (May 16, 2021)
    Improvements to Symbols, including 'Search'
    Fix for deleting/duplicating documents

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.4 (May 11, 2021)
    Improvements to the 3d page turning
    Handwriting properties: can now choose which properties to change
    Option to allow page lines to be drawn over pdf pages (in page settings)
    More intuitive docking of pages bar
    Fix for importing pages from another doc (with master layers)

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.3 (May 4, 2021)
    NEW: Define a 'page area' in page settings - used for 3d page turning
    Make shape: will now indicate where the gaps are if it fails to make a shape

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.2 (Apr 28, 2021)
    NEW: 3d page turn animations. Includes improvements to ‘dutch-door’ creation
    Make shape - don't have to close shapes precisely
    Add link will now create a link to cover selected area (if you have selected something first)
    'Copy properties to pages' has an option to copy 3d page turning settings
    New 'Merge images' - select images and it will create 1 big image over the whole page area
    Fixes include:
    Fix for pdf page caching when the pdf file has rotated pages
    Fix for documents not being saved when switching between apps

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.

Version 8.5.1 (Apr 8, 2021)
    NEW: Make shape will now allow for 'holes' in shapes.
    NEW: Page tool bar can be docked and also which buttons configured in workspace settings
    NEW: Fullscreen UI can be configured in workspace settings
    Fix for layout of events on planners
    Various other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please leave a review - thanks.
Version 8.5.0 (Apr 1, 2021)
    Improved 'sidebar' - drag it to the side of the screen you prefer (top and bottom included)
    Calendar documents - lots of fixes and improvements
    Magnification window now works in continuous scroll mode
    Text - new outline option
    Cut/Copy/Paste pages in the page manager. This lets you easily copy/move pages between documents.
    Lots of ‘usability’ improvements
Version 8.4.11 (Feb 24, 2021)
    New text option for 'Tracking' (horizontal letter spacing adjustment)

    Fix for very large symbol collections (previously this would use too much storage, impacting performance)

    Planner refinements:
    Word-wrap option for reminders and events.
    A new page property for 'Always today’
    Option to turn event calendar markers on/off ( also one for reminders)
    Option to show overdue reminders in a different colour

    Fix for top tool button incorrectly sized

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.4.10 (Feb 15, 2021)
    Fix for 'learning' mode for handwriting recognition. Now when you have to correct in the handwriting to text convertor the correction is remembered so that when you write the same word again it should correctly convert it.

    You can now have more than one polygon assigned for Reminders (on a planner page) - there is a 'Tag' string which you can specify which reminder calendar the polygon should display

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.

Version 8.4.9 (Feb 3, 2021)
    Fix for 'This week' links
    Fix for workspaces which limit the number of pen styles available

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.4.8 (Jan 27, 2021)
    This update fixes various issues with external screens (introduced in the last update - apologies)

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.4.7 (Jan 26, 2021)
    Reduction in ink latency when writing
    Fix for the pen buttons sometimes not showing the correct colours
    Small change to the 'doc-bar' - now when you open a document it will appear on the leftmost tab of the doc bar
    Fix for Adonit Note Plus pens

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.4.6 (Jan 9, 2021)
    Keyboard shortcuts cmd z, cmd^Z, cmd x , cmd v, cmd c, cmd f
    Various fixes/optimisations for scroll mode
    Various fixes/optimisations for planner creator including week numbering and event updating

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.4.5 (Dec 30, 2020)
    Square paper now has a margin option
    Other optimisations and refinements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.4.4 (Dec 19, 2020)
    NEW: 'Configure page as planner' will create week and day pages (if required).
    NEW: 'Goto date' - for planner documents you can now quickly jump to pages based on the date associated with them.
    NEW: 'Migrate selection...' - select items to 'migrate' then choose a date to migrate them to - perfect for bullet journalling.
    NEW: 'Add month overview' - this adds a whole calendar month as a table of dates - each date will be linked wither to corresponding weeks or days.
    NEW: Option for events to display the 'All-day' events on the top line above the specified event area.
    General improvements to the continuous scroll mode
    Other optimisations and refinements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.4.2 (Dec 6, 2020)
    NEW: Laser pointer tool now lets you write too. The drawing is not permanent and fades after a short (configurable) delay
    FIX: Adding events from different calendars can now be kept in different columns
    FIX: Updates to the external screen when in continuous scroll mode were not working
    Other optimisations and refinements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.4.1 (Nov 30, 2020)
    NEW: Custom planner creator now has settings for 'Heading' font, size and colour
    FIX: Adding events and reminder UI would not enable the "Save' button
    FIX: Updates to the external screen when in continuous scroll mode were not working
    Other optimisations and refinements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNote please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.4.0 (Nov 26, 2020)
    NEW: Continuous scroll mode- includes ‘paged’ scrolling option and full editing in this mode.
    NEW: 'Highlight today' option in document properties (for planner documents)
    NEW:Text tool - you can now tap and drag to define the text box corners
    Various optimisations and refinements.
    Pinned layers UI - now ‘compact'
    Various optimisations and refinements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.3.12 (Oct 27, 2020)
    This update fixes a problem for devices using older versions of iOS

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.3.11 (Oct 25, 2020)
    This update fixes a problem for devices using older versions of iOS

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.3.10 (Oct 23, 2020)
    NEW: Pinch to scale (for select tool and symbols)
    NEW: Group to image - this will groups selected items together then render them into a high res image and this is used for display. This is idea for sketches which can be slow to render.
    NEW: Symbols - Create new folder (press the '+' button with nothing selected.
    NEW: There is now a 'Copy as image' - this will convert the selected elements into a high-res image with transparent background
    NEW: Move button for symbols (to move selected ones to another folder).
    NEW: Pin/un-pin the layers view.
    NEW: Drag and drop an image onto the palettes list
    NEW: Link function 'Goto page'
    Various bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.3.9 (Oct 12, 2020)
    Urgent fix: For screen updating incorrectly when 'Tiled drawing' disabled.
Version 8.3.8 (Oct 11, 2020)
    NEW: Circle and Square ruler modes
    NEW: Fountain pen option has a 'Lettering mode'
    NEW: Option to show event times or not
    NEW: You can now independently set the font size for Reminders
    NEW: Text drop shadow option for border
    NEW: Improvements to revisions. Re-importing an existing document will ask if you want to create a revision and import over the existing version. Also - added a 'Description' entry to document properties, revision section - this is used as the revision description when you create a revision.

    FIX: Backup folder names had strange %numbers
    FIX: Bluetooth controller enabled + text tool
    FIX: Selecting objects was difficult on pages which were slow to draw to the screen
    FIX: Drag drop preview could be too big.
    Other enhancements and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.3.7 (Sep 27, 2020)
    FIX: Date pickers in iOS 14 were not good with times
    FIX: Text tool in pre iOS 10
    FIX: Export current page as ZND file was failing when the current page was in a sub-document
    FIX: Flatten layers was not working
    Other enhancements and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.3.6 (Sep 25, 2020)
    NEW: Layers menu
    FIX: Crash when using the 'custom digital planner' creator
    FIX: For straight lines disappearing
    FIX: For ink rendering issues (slight line shortening in some cases)
    FIX: Pdf export of solid ink quality improvement
    Other enhancements and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.3.5 (Sep 22, 2020)
    NEW: Page network visualisation. Use links between pages to create a page network to quickly see how pages (and the notes they contain) relate to each other.
    NEW: ‘Add a link’ function - now it's much easier to add a link to another page, bookmark or document.
    NEW: Nib ink has a 'Fountain pen' option. There have been other ink rendering enhancements to make ink smoother than ever.
    NEW: Search bar for layers - filter layers by name for easier management

    Calendar changes:
    Events have a new ‘list’ mode. In this mode they are not positioned on the time line but just consecutively.
    Events and reminders can now have text colour set
    Many other enhancements and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.3.4 (Aug 13, 2020)
    NEW: Custom digital planner now has layout options for week pages ( columns or rows ).
    NEW: 'Auto stop symbol' - setting in the main app settings, Drawing section next to the 'Auto stop eraser'. After a short delay, it reverts to the select tool.
    FIX: Event and reminder display could sometime result in a blank rectangle rather than the title text (depended on font)

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.3.3 (Aug 8, 2020)
    NEW: Cornell notes page style now as an option for a top margin
    NEW: Lined paper now has a 'Columns' option
    FIX: Some user installed fonts were not working correctly
    FIX: Links with "keep link image updated' now work when to other document.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.3.2 (Jul 29, 2020)
    NEW: Integration of reminders from the Reminders app.
    NEW: Calendar page properties - now has a 'Custom' type which lets you set the number of days between 2 and 14. So if you have a page which represents 2 days in your calendar -choose this option and set the number of days to 2. If you want it to show events - add 2 rectangles marked as 'Calendar'
    FIX: Folder backgrounds in Dark mode
    FIX: Table alternate column fill (strange visuals)

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.3.1 (Jul 12, 2020)
    FIX: iCloud was crashing in certain circumstances
    FIX: Layer names were being shortened

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.3.0 (Jul 10, 2020)
    NEW: Events are now shown on digital planner documents. This update will let you show ‘events’ (from the Calendar app) on your digital planner pages. The custom digital planner will generate a planner which fully supports this. If you are using a pdf digital planner then there are simple steps to take so it can support it too.

    NEW: Lots of enhancements to the Custom digital planner creator including
    - Use symbols for advanced page layouts
    - Save digital planner settings as a document template

    FIX: iCloud fix which was occasionally causing a slow-down in the app.

    Many other bug fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.2.8 (Jun 9, 2020)
    NEW: Create colour palette using the colour dropper
    NEW: Tool bar button locking
    NEW:Polygon links to bookmarks can now be 'Direct draw'
    Tool selector now has an extra rows for image tools and miscellaneous tools.
    10 tool buttons new allowed on top bar (through workspace settings).
    You can now select more than one image and create a symbol from each of them.
    'Save and continue' when cropping an image

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.2.7 (May 24, 2020)
    NEW: Fill tool now allows you to fill with images
    NEW: Archive now allows for PDF export into a Zip file
    NEW: Set a document template as 'Default' - this will then be used for importing pdf files.
    NEW: Copy properties to... now has 'Master layer visibility'
    FIX: Custom digital planner tabs on right hand side had text in the wrong position

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.2.5 (May 21, 2020)
    NEW: Document template properties now has copy link to pasteboard - this link will create a new document based on the template.
    Fix for all saved tool settings menu in side panel (buttons missing at the bottom)

    FIX: ‘Explode selected’ was crashing (ironically!)
    FIX: Palm button and Zoom window button disappearing
    FIX: Symbol export to iCloud Drive now working
    FIX: Polygon 'Blur background' now working
    FIX: Settings pin/unpin and switching between documents could fail.
    FIX: Exporting documents to iCloud Drive now supports multiple files
    FIX: Airdrop now available in all export situations
    FIX: Importing a zip file into a subfolder now works

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.2.4 (May 14, 2020)
    NEW: Add drop shadow to images
    NEW: Create a shadow image of selected items
    NEW: Paste as replacement (pasted items will use selected item(s) as 'placeholder' and selected items will be deleted and replaced with pasteboard items
    NEW: Lock/Unlock elements
    NEW: Pin/unpin tool settings
    NEW: Slight alteration to the way selection markers work
    NEW: Extra date format - example: 11 May 2020
    FIX: Rounded corners on page would disappear when zooming
    FIX: Polygon 'blur background' overlaying 'Use link image' button
    FIX: Bookmark names now have (*) next to them to denote they are on the current page.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.2.3 (May 3, 2020)
    NEW: Manage mapping data (in handwriting recognition options) - for 'Text to handwriting'. You can no have more than one mapping for different script styles.
    NEW: Selected lines to shape
    NEW: Polygon/shape links now have a 'Window mode'
    NEW: Polygon/shape now have a 'Tiled' option for images
    FIX: Crash in transparency fill
    FIX: Text edit menu now always shows 'Select all'
    FIX: pre-installed symbols were not working
    FIX: Master layer edit would give an error message
    FIX: Auto-update link to 'this week' were not working properly

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.2.2 (Apr 22, 2020)
    NEW: Tables now have a 'Rectangular/Circular' option.
    NEW: Rotation now available in the settings panel for selected elements and single selection of Text, Table and Polygon.
    Fix for continuous scroll showing wrong page in some circumstances.
    Fix for search + continuous scroll
    FIX: Only solid ink (export to pdf option) - this will now create the smallest possible pdf file ( gel and nib ink will be output as draft ink - it used to be just pencil and felt-tip ink would be affected).
    Other bug fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.2.1 (Apr 14, 2020)
    Bug fix: Some writing was not being drawn( specifically gel and nib ink styles)
    Bug fix: Export of bookmarks to video was not working correctly for multi-layer pages.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.2.0 (Apr 11, 2020)
    NEW: Text to layer option
    NEW: Toggle selection (deselects what is selected and selects what was not selected)
    NEW: Share as ZND when editing a document( all pages or selected pages)

    Bug fix: Number table cells - month number was incorrect
    Bug fix: Ink smoother + draft ink (pressure sensitive)
    Bug fix: Pdf search cache for big pdf files
    Bug fix: Colour of text in UI (sometimes it was inconsistent)
    Bug Fix: Unwanted switch to continuous scroll mode with hand resting on screen

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.1.9 (Apr 4, 2020)
    NEW: Number cells in a table
    Bug fix: for 'Copy current layer' leaving elements unassigned to a layer
    Bug fix: Page picker in tool settings side panel was not working properly
    Bug fix: For the main toolbar buttons not showing when the bar button colour had been set to a light colour

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.1.8 (Apr 1, 2020)
    NEW: Table options for
    Alternate fill colours
    Fill with a colour palette
    adjust row and column sizes
    NEW : Text line spacing now allows negative values
    NEW: Tool settings UI, 'Side panel' now 'unified' with 'pop-over'
    NEW: Export bookmarks as video - choose which bookmark to start on
    Fix for transparent images becoming opaque
    Fix for Flatten layers
    Fix for split screen swap sides when viewing same document
    Fix Handoff (between devices)

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.1.7 (Mar 18, 2020)
    Bug fix got 'Fill transparency'
    Bug fix for a crash on iOS11 and below when in continuous scroll
    Bug fix for pdf import as paper template (when the pdf has transparent background)
    Improved searching speed of Pdf text

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.1.6 (Mar 11, 2020)
    NEW: Continuous scroll mode. You can choose it from the tool menu OR two finger long press will switch in on and off.
    NEW: Extra options for 'custom digital planner', including 'Today', 'This week' and 'This month' links on the index page.( These automatically update with date changes).
    NEW: Page properties button 'Configure as planner page' - this will add a calendar to a blank page according to the page's date.
    NEW: Fill for transparency.

    Improved handwriting recognition (when lines of handwriting are close together).
    New option for exporting pdf with searchable handwriting.
    Conversion of handwriting to text now replaces the handwriting with text at the correct position and scale.
    New setting to control what function is performed for double and triple tap gestures.

    Updated German translation (thanks Steffi).
    Various usability improvements for Text entry
    Bug fix for occasional crash related to Text entry.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.1.5 (Feb 15, 2020)
    NEW: 'Loop single' mode for a bookmarks.
    Various usability improvements for Text entry
    Bug fix for occasional crash related to Text entry.
    Bug fix for custom digital planner creation (months incorrectly labeled).
    Bug fix for 'Pen activate links' option (when disabled it was still activating pdf links).

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.1.4 (Feb 10, 2020)
    Bug fix to re-enable GoogleDrive support
    Bug fix for mis-aligned pdf pages

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.1.3 (Feb 4, 2020)
    Bug fix for some (custom) fonts not appearing correctly

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.1.2 (Jan 30, 2020)
    Support for 'all' fonts.
    New page setting: 'Rounded corners'
    New custom digital planner settings for 'Weekend'
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.1.1 (Jan 18, 2020)
    Improvement to text editing; now choose either 'In place' or 'In window'.
    Major improvement to ink capture smoothness.
    New: Ruler mode to allow extra smoothing when tracing shapes
    Bug fix for deleting/un-sharing documents from iCloud
    New: vertical scroll option
    Symbol tool and Fill areas tools now have their own 'saved settings'
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.

Version 8.1.0 (Dec 22, 2019)
    Handwriting recognition - use for searching for handwritten keywords in your documents, or for converting handwriting to text
    Advanced search - search inside all your documents for keywords
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.0.29 (Nov 29, 2019)
    NEW: Scan document from camera.
    NEW: OCR in images (finds text in images and allow you to search this text).
    Various improvements to the search mechanism
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.0.28 (Nov 7, 2019)
    Fix of a serious memory leak.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.0.27 (Nov 6, 2019)
    Smoother handwriting (especially when writing small)
    Locked layers now lock opacity too
    Fix for a crash with audio recording
    Fix for a crash with rulers

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.0.26 (Oct 24, 2019)
    NEW: Rulers now have units, including degrees on protractor
    NEW: Text now has superscript and subscript modes
    Fix for alerts crashing in certain circumstances in iOS 13

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.0.25 (Oct 16, 2019)
    NEW: Highlighting of notes during sound playback - strokes are highlighted when playing back recorded sounds (pages are changed automatically).
    NEW: Global Apply button for handwriting properties. Select a single line, open handwriting properties, adjust settings, press 'Global apply' - Matches selected stroke with other strokes throughout the document (all pages), and changes to the new settings.
    Fix for playing videos in iOS 13
    Fix for editing text (cursor positioning)
    Import palettes from iCloud Drive
    Fix for swipe gesture (now checks for only 'straight' horizontal/vertical swipes)

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks. 
Version 8.0.24 (Sep 20, 2019)
    iOS 13 support including 'Dark mode'
    Bug fix for 'direct draw' of links and sub-documents
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.23 (Sep 15, 2019)
    New features/enhancements:
    options for Cornell style lined paper
    option (document properties) for Show sub-page title - drawn
    digital planner options - add links to Months/Weeks pages in notes sections.
    'move' button for pages (into and out of sub-documents.
    Swipe left/right on a sub-page insert will move to next/previous page in the sub-document.
    Swipe left/right on a page link will move to the next/previous page (only works for links which are showing the page image, and which have the 'Link update mode' set to Always
    Sub-documents - have a ‘Direct draw’ option
    Share Bookmarks to PDF
    Deleted pages sent to recycle bin
    Other bug fixes and optimisations
    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.

Version 8.0.22 (Aug 29, 2019)
    NEW: Tool selector now with text to aid tool identification
    Bug fix for shape-detection and cross-out to delete
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.21 (Aug 15, 2019)
    Bug fix for crash when using the eraser in the magnification window
    Improved square end highlighter mode.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.20 (Aug 14, 2019)
    Improved screen refresh after zooming
    Smoother ink capture and ink drawing
    Search button in document editor
    Zoom scale now shown as percentage
    NEW: Insert paper template
    Other optimisations and refinements

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.

Version 8.0.19 (Aug 5, 2019)
    Bug fix for iCloud crash on app start up
    Bug fix for animated ink showing incorrectly

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.18 (Jul 25, 2019)
    iCloud fix for large documents
    Ink capture latency reduced
    Gif video generation added including a 'loop back to start' option
    Other optimisations and stability fixes

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.17 (Jul 19, 2019)
    NEW: a list mode for displaying documents, symbols and templates
    NEW: 'Create page index' and 'Create text heading index' functions
    Improved interface for create custom document, and page settings.
    Tables now have a 'Cell size' mode where you define the size of each cell rather than rows/columns
    Text has a 'Is heading' setting. This combines with a new function 'Create text heading index'
    Highlight to back - new option
    Many optimisations and stability fixes

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.15 (Jul 8, 2019)
    New custom digital planner features including index page and improved user interface
    Better handling of document s containing large numbers of images
    Fix for smoother writing with Apple Pencil
    Saved zoom scales and rotations
    Cut and paste text with formatting
    Various iCloud fixes
    Many optimisations and stability fixes

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.14 (Jun 19, 2019)
    Important fix: Intermittent crash when writing.
    NEW: Support for NextCloud WebDAV server

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.13 (Jun 13, 2019)
    New: Tag search filter.
    Various improvements/fixes to link mechanism
    Various stability fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.12 (Jun 7, 2019)
    New: 'Auto straight line' - start drawing a line with any pen, pause briefly and ZoomNotes will assume you want a straight line. Fully compliant with 'Snapping' mode
    New: Links to other documents now maintain the 'keep link image updated' option.
    Various stability fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.11 (May 23, 2019)
    New PDF import option - 'As digital planner'. This will configure the document for optimal performance within ZoomNotes.
    Various stability fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.10 (May 18, 2019)
    Urgent fix for pdf pages which are rotated
    New 'In background' option for 'Auto-backup'.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.9 (May 16, 2019)
    New: support for 'non-flattened' PDF files
    New: Move button to easily move selected documents/folders to another location
    Various optimisations and stability fixes.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.8 (Apr 20, 2019)
    Bug fix for iCloud which was stopping people synchronising any documents.
    Various fixes for animated ink in presentations and in video generation.
    Other fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.7 (Apr 4, 2019)
    Important iCloud bug fix
    Other fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.6 (Mar 18, 2019)
    Improved mapping of iPad screen to external screen
    Fix for lag when backing up to Dropbox
    Fixed login to OneDrive
    Other fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.5 (Mar 7, 2019)
    Drag drop text now supported
    German translation updated
    Bug fix for magnification window not updating main screen
    Bug fix for Deform selection
    Other fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review, thanks.
Version 8.0.4 (Feb 26, 2019)
    Split screen now allows the same document to be viewed in the split views.
    New options for shapes (rectangle) to control which corners are rounded.
    Bug fix for synchronisation issues between devices via iCloud

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes please could you leave a review in the App Store. Thanks.
Version 8.0.2 (Jan 7, 2019)
    Bug fix for Auto-backup error messages and a small chance of corruption the document being backed up.
Version 8.0.1 (Jan 4, 2019)
    iCloud synchronisation bug-fixes
    Page margins and padding options
    New Clipboard option (a saved list to 'clips')
    Lots of other bug fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying using ZoomNotes, please could you leave a review in the App Store. Thanks.
Version 8.0.0 (Dec 21, 2018)
    Major update of ZoomNotes which includes many new features and optimisations.
    - Create your own digital planner document with the new custom planner settings
    - Use 'Master Layers' to control shared elements between pages in a document
    - Preferred colour scheme can now be set per document
    - Split screen to view 2 documents side by side (horizontally or vertically)
Version 7.6.42 (Dec 16, 2018)
    Faster loading of symbols. library
    Bug fix for images losing their data

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.41 (Dec 11, 2018)
    Auto backup warning fixes
    New Infinite whiteboard option - 'Show vertical markers'
    Fix for adding symbols in sub-folders
    Fix for deletion of pre-installed documents

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.40 (Nov 27, 2018)
    New Apple Pencil tap gesture support
    Paper textures
    New 'highlight to back' function
    Copy layer to selected pages
    Import pdf file into existing document

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.39 (Nov 6, 2018)
    Fix for using Apple Pencil when presenting to an external screen
    Fix for linked shapes in groups

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.38 (Oct 25, 2018)
    New Italic ink mode - 'Solid'
    New bullet point - circle
    New PDF export option - 'Tile whiteboards'

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.37 (Oct 18, 2018)
    New pencil 'soft/hard' option.
    Copy (current) layer to all pages option.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.36 (Oct 11, 2018)
    Fix for the straight line tool (crashing when adding a line).

    Other bug fixes and optimisations
    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.35 (Oct 5, 2018)
    Added a Planner document for 2018/19
    Fix for dictation of text
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.34 (Sep 17, 2018)
    PDF page caching option for 'slow to draw' pdf files
    Shadow option for polygons, shapes and tables
    Background image option for shapes and polygons
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.33 (Aug 11, 2018)
    iCloud synchronisation fix
    Faster PDF rendering (more improvements to follow). Remember some PDF files are preforming badly with the option 'Tiled drawing' - if you notice this then you could be better with this option turned off.
    Enter colour values as hex codes e.g. #12aeff (remember the #) - do this in the values panel for colour entry
    Layers can now not be current when they are locked
    Faster loading when a pdf file has lots of links

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.32 (Aug 4, 2018)
    New link type of 'Page' for shapes and polygons.
    New paper option - 'Dots' (Grid of dots).
    New document option - number pages
    Bug fix for cropping transparent images
    Other bug fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.31 (Jul 19, 2018)
    PDF URL links supported as well as PDF links to pages within the PDF.
    Intro video now shown when app starts to help new users familiarise themselves with core features.
    Bug fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.30 (Jul 13, 2018)
    PDF links now supported - perfect for 'Digital Planners'
    Bug fixes and optimisations
    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.29 (Jul 4, 2018)
    Bug fixes and optimisations, including-
    Fix for animated ink in bookmarks.
    Fix for bookmarks from previous document being displayed.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.28 (Jun 22, 2018)
    New: use the 'Templates Manager' to create new documents
    No more wobbly document previews
    Other bug fixes and optimisations
    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.27 (Jun 18, 2018)
    Freehand image cropping
    Selection type filtering
    Other bug fixes and optimisations
    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.26 (Jun 4, 2018)
    Improved external screen support
    Auto-Straight line now saved with saved pens
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.25 (May 21, 2018)
    Improved movie support especially when presenting to external screen
    Pan and zoom external screen view by dragging in external view outline on iPad (red rectangle)
    Import movies directly from other apps (like Photos app)
    Other bug fixes and optimisations
    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.24 (May 12, 2018)
    Fix for transparent view when projecting in presentation mode
    Snapping now works with graph paper
    Import of sound files extended to 'mp3' and 'wav' formats
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.23 (May 3, 2018)
    Fix for transparent view when projecting in presentation mode
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.22 (Apr 25, 2018)
    Bug fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.21 (Apr 13, 2018)
    Improved screen layouts for iPhoneX
    Improved control of layer visibility on external screen (projector)
    Other bug fixes and enhancements

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.20 (Apr 2, 2018)
    Smoother selection transformations
    Text editing bug-fixes

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.19 (Mar 26, 2018)
    Added support for Satechi bluetooth smart pointer (to control presentations)
    Fixed a PDF export bug
    Improved the visuals when transforming selected objects on the screen

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.18 (Mar 21, 2018)
    Bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.17 (Mar 9, 2018)
    Bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.16 (Feb 27, 2018)
    Fix for emailing PDFs
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.15 (Feb 20, 2018)
    Fixed OneDrive large file upload
    Improved workflow of Shape, Polygon, Table, Text and Line tools.
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.14 (Feb 14, 2018)
    Bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.13 (Feb 6, 2018)
    New stylus: SonarPen
    Links now exported in PDF
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.12 (Jan 23, 2018)
    Improvement to url links
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.11 (Jan 17, 2018)
    Improved app start-up time.
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.10 (Dec 20, 2017)
    NEW: Geo-locate documents on a map. A great new way of organising your documents.
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.9 (Dec 13, 2017)
    NEW: Scriba stylus support
    Bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.8 (Nov 27, 2017)
    Drag and drop between ZoomNotes documents (drag over Document bar to switch documents)
    Important bug-fix for slightly mis-aligned lines when zoomed in.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.7 (Nov 15, 2017)
    Other bug fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.6 (Nov 9, 2017)
    iCloud documents now have a version history
    Other bug fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.5 (Oct 27, 2017)
    Bug fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.4 (Oct 22, 2017)
    Bug fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.3 (Oct 17, 2017)
    Bug fixes and optimisations, including important iCloud fix

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.2 (Oct 6, 2017)
    Bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.1 (Sep 30, 2017)
    Bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.6.0 (Sep 24, 2017)
    iOS 11 support, include drag and drop, search pdf text
    New bookmark fade transition

    Lots of bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.5.8 (Sep 17, 2017)
    Bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.5.7 (Aug 25, 2017)
    Important bug-fix for iCloud - please update to newest version on OS X too.
    New - backup to both PDF and ZND files simultaneously

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.5.6 (Aug 18, 2017)
    Support for Microsoft OneDrive for Business
    Auto-backup to OneDrive
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.5.5 (Jul 28, 2017)
    Presentation mode bug-fix

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.5.4 (Jul 22, 2017)
    Apple Pencil optimisation - faster ink capture, choice of 'finger' functions (pan, rubout, select)
    Faster solid ink capture
    Other fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.5.3 (Jul 14, 2017)
    Smoother zooming
    Improved Apple Pencil support, including one finger 'panning'.
    Other fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.5.2 (Jun 30, 2017)
    URL scheme to open a document and a bookmark.
    New 'Copy link to pasteboard' and 'Copy link to another app' buttons to make linking easier.
    Don't forget if you want to have links in a zoom notes document to another app you can add a link to a shape or polygon.
    Bug fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.5.1 (Jun 22, 2017)
    URL scheme to open a document (optionally at a particular page).
    Bug fixes and optimisations.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.5.0 (Jun 17, 2017)
    Calendar events - Add events linked to your documents, possibly with alarms. The URL in the event links back to the document in ZoomNotes.
    Image Transparency editor

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.33 (Jun 4, 2017)
    Doc-bar fix when closing penultimate document
    Other fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.32 (May 27, 2017)
    Various fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.31 (May 18, 2017)
    Various fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.30 (May 10, 2017)
    Various fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.29 (May 6, 2017)
    New iCloud conflict resolution strategy
    Various fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.28 (Apr 22, 2017)
    Various fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.27 (Apr 20, 2017)
    NEW: Lynktec Flip Stylus
    Various fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.26 (Apr 10, 2017)
    NEW: Mozbii ColorPillar - colour capture stylus support
    Text bullet point fix
    Various other fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.25 (Apr 3, 2017)
    Fixes for auto-backup (webdav and google drive)

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.24 (Mar 27, 2017)
    Fix for auto-backup to webDAV
    Align sound to selected button added to sound bar
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.22 (Feb 17, 2017)
    Bug fix for faulty paper template
    Custom line spacing for existing page styles
    New Graph paper style (fully configurable)

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.21 (Feb 1, 2017)
    Fix for crash on older versions of iOS (9 and under)

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.20 (Jan 30, 2017)
    1:1 Zoom mode - zoom page to actual size - most useful on the iPad pro
    Size entry for polygons - set the width and height of polygons accurately.
    Size and angle control for rulers.
    Other bug fixes and enhancements

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.19 (Jan 16, 2017)
    Bug fix for access to Drawing settings

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.18 (Jan 13, 2017)
    \dt \tm date time text expansion in document templates
    Split screen fix
    PDF import fix
    Other bug fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.17 (Jan 5, 2017)
    Bug fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.16 (Dec 10, 2016)
    Grab area tool enhancements - use the freehand select to define an irregular area to grab. Or select a shape and use that as the grab area.

    Other bug fixes and enhancements.

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.15 (Nov 18, 2016)
    NEW - 'Document Bar' - to switch quickly between documents
    Various bug fixes

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.14 (Nov 6, 2016)
    Bug fixes

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.12 (Oct 28, 2016)
    Bug fixes and user interface improvements

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.11 (Oct 8, 2016)
    Fix for privacy settings in iOS 10

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.10 (Oct 6, 2016)
    Fix for microphone privacy settings
    New setting - all new documents to iCloud

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.9 (Sep 24, 2016)
    iOS 10 compatibility fixes

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.8 (Sep 17, 2016)
    iOS 10

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.7 (Sep 11, 2016)
    Bug fixes

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.6 (Aug 3, 2016)
    Fix for smoothness of Nib ink mode
    Fix for saved pens with 'Follow Zoom'

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.5 (Jul 25, 2016)
    Fix for WebDav secure mode
    Fixes and enhancements for text entry

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.4 (Jul 6, 2016)
    Support for the new Adonit Pixel stylus

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.
Version 7.1.3 (Jun 22, 2016)
    NEW - Share to Message app - great way to share ZND, PDF, Image, Movie directly with friend or colleague.
Version 7.1.2 (May 23, 2016)
    Bug fixes
Version 7.1.1 (May 14, 2016)
    Workspaces - configure ZoomNotes into workspaces tailored to your specific needs and preferences.

    Fix for Evernote backup
Version 7.1.0 (May 13, 2016)
    Tables - easily draw tables with rows and columns

    Bug fixes and optimisations
Version 7.0.16 (May 3, 2016)
    Bug fixes
Version 7.0.15 (Apr 18, 2016)
    Improved Italic and Highlighter ink
    Bug fixes
Version 7.0.14 (Mar 31, 2016)
    Bug fixes

    ZoomNotesX for Mac now available
Version 7.0.12 (Mar 20, 2016)
    Bug fixes and optimisations

    ZoomNotesX for Mac now available
Version 7.0.11 (Mar 8, 2016)
    Bug fixes

    ZoomNotesX for Mac now available
Version 7.0.10 (Mar 2, 2016)
    Bug fixes

    ZoomNotesX for Mac now available
Version 7.0.9 (Feb 19, 2016)
    Bug fixes

    ZoomNotesX for Mac now available
Version 7.0.8 (Feb 11, 2016)
    Bug fixes and optimisations

    ZoomNotesX for Mac now available
Version 7.0.7 (Dec 5, 2015)
    Apple Pencil optimisations
    Bug fixes

    ZoomNotesX for Mac now available

    If you like ZoomNotes, then please help us by leaving a review in the App Store - thanks.
Version 7.0.6 (Nov 18, 2015)
    Palm protect bug fix
    Fix for iOS 7
    Apple Pencil support

    ZoomNotesX for Mac now available

    If you like ZoomNotes, then please help us by leaving a review in the App Store - thanks.
Version 7.0.5 (Nov 10, 2015)
    Handoff support
    Bug fixes

    ZoomNotesX for Mac now available

    If you like ZoomNotes, then please help us by leaving a review in the App Store - thanks.
Version 7.0.4 (Oct 20, 2015)
    Bug fixes (including fix for iOS 6 and 7 crash at startup)

    ZoomNotesX for Mac now available
Version 7.0.3 (Oct 7, 2015)
    Support for side-by-side multitasking ( iOS 9)
    Web Bookmarks
    New Web image option - 'Whole page'. This will grab a whole webpage, rather than just the visible portion.

    Bug fixes

    ZoomNotesX for Mac now available
Version 7.0.2 (Sep 20, 2015)
    Reinstate Pencil by 53 support
    Bug fixes

    ZoomNotesX for Mac now also available.
Version 7.0.1 (Sep 11, 2015)
    Infinite page lines for whiteboard mode
    Bug fixes
Version 7.0.0 (Sep 2, 2015)
    New features:

    Rich Text
    Drawing Guides
    Fill with colour tool
    Layers now per page or per document.
    Improvements to external screen support including ability to mask an area of the presentation screen.
    OS X Compatible version (available very soon)

    We have also made refinements and enhancements to many of ZoomNotes existing features.
Version 6.4.18 (Aug 11, 2015)
    Bug fixes
    New Wacom SDK

    Please help us - we need some more reviews in iTunes. These help people looking for the best note taking app find ZoomNotes. Your incentive- we have a major update ready for release as well as a new OS X version of ZoomNotes. When we have enough reviews we will release both. So even if you have left a review previously, please consider updating it. Thanks.

    Also in Version 6
    Cross fine point stylus support
    Support for the new Adonit Jot Script 2
    New 'Favorites' mechanism for pens, lines, shapes, and Text
    Support for password protected PDF documents
    Cregle iPen2 support
    Pencil 53 Support
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6..4.17 (Jul 27, 2015)
    Bug fixes
    Cross fine point stylus support

    Please help us - we need some more reviews in iTunes. These help people looking for the best note taking app find ZoomNotes. Your incentive- we have a major update ready for release as well as a new OS X version of ZoomNotes. When we have enough reviews we will release both. So even if you have left a review previously, please consider updating it. Thanks.

    Also in Version 6
    Support for the new Adonit Jot Script 2
    New 'Favorites' mechanism for pens, lines, shapes, and Text
    Support for password protected PDF documents
    Cregle iPen2 support
    Pencil 53 Support
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.16 (Jul 9, 2015)
    Bug fixes

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Support for the new Adonit Jot Script 2
    New 'Favorites' mechanism for pens, lines, shapes, and Text
    Support for password protected PDF documents
    Cregle iPen2 support
    Pencil 53 Support
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.15 (Jun 17, 2015)
    Bug fixes

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Support for the new Adonit Jot Script 2
    New 'Favorites' mechanism for pens, lines, shapes, and Text
    Support for password protected PDF documents
    Cregle iPen2 support
    Pencil 53 Support
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.14 (Jun 5, 2015)
    Bug fixes

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Support for the new Adonit Jot Script 2
    New 'Favorites' mechanism for pens, lines, shapes, and Text
    Support for password protected PDF documents
    Cregle iPen2 support
    Pencil 53 Support
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.13 (May 23, 2015)
    Fix for Auto-backup
    Performance improvements

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Support for the new Adonit Jot Script 2
    New 'Favorites' mechanism for pens, lines, shapes, and Text
    Support for password protected PDF documents
    Cregle iPen2 support
    Pencil 53 Support
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.12 (May 15, 2015)
    Bug fixes


    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Support for the new Adonit Jot Script 2
    New 'Favorites' mechanism for pens, lines, shapes, and Text
    Support for password protected PDF documents
    Cregle iPen2 support
    Pencil 53 Support
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.11 (May 7, 2015)
    Bug fixes


    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Support for the new Adonit Jot Script 2
    New 'Favorites' mechanism for pens, lines, shapes, and Text
    Support for password protected PDF documents
    Cregle iPen2 support
    Pencil 53 Support
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.10 (Apr 22, 2015)
    Support for the new Adonit Jot Script 2
    Bug fixes and performance enhancements

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    New 'Favorites' mechanism for pens, lines, shapes, and Text
    Support for password protected PDF documents
    Cregle iPen2 support
    Pencil 53 Support
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.9 (Apr 8, 2015)
    New 'Favorites' mechanism for pens, lines, shapes, and Text
    Bug fixes and performance enhancements

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Support for password protected PDF documents
    Cregle iPen2 support
    Pencil 53 Support
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.8 (Apr 1, 2015)
    Support for password protected PDF documents
    Bug fixes and stability improvements

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Pencil 53 Support
    Support for Cregle iPen2
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.7 (Mar 23, 2015)
    Bug fixes and stability improvements

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Pencil 53 Support
    Support for Cregle iPen2
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.6 (Mar 13, 2015)
    Bug fixes

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Pencil 53 Support
    Support for Cregle iPen2
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.5 (Mar 6, 2015)
    Bug fixes and performance improvements

    ---------------------------------
    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Pencil 53 Support
    Support for Cregle iPen2
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.4 (Feb 24, 2015)
    Fix for Text line spacing
    Performance improvements
    Better folder handling

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Pencil 53 Support
    Support for Cregle iPen2
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.3 (Feb 13, 2015)
    Bug fixes

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Pencil 53 Support
    Support for Cregle iPen2
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.2 (Jan 28, 2015)
    Pencil 53 Support
    Bug fixes

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Support for Cregle iPen2
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.1 (Jan 20, 2015)
    Bug fixes and enhancements

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Support for Cregle iPen2
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.4.0 (Jan 2, 2015)
    Support for Cregle iPen2

    Bug fixes and enhancements

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.3.6 (Dec 11, 2014)
    iPhone 6 changes
    Pencil by FiftyThree stylus support
    Bug fixes

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.3.5 (Nov 24, 2014)
    Bug fixes

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.3.4 (Nov 20, 2014)
    iCloud bug fix

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.3.3 (Nov 19, 2014)
    Bug fixes and optimizations.

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.3.2 (Nov 2, 2014)
    Bug fixes and optimizations.

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Wacom Bamboo Fineline and Intuos Creative 2 pen support
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.3.1 (Sep 30, 2014)
    Wacom fine tip stylus support
    Bug fixes

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.3.0 (Sep 11, 2014)
    Evernote - export to evernote as images - this allows for searching your handwritten notes.
    Web-links

    Bug fixes

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.2.4 (Aug 30, 2014)
    NEW 'smooth' option for Adonit PixelPoint stylus (Jot Touch and Script). Other active fine tip pens will have the option shortly.
    DotPen support
    Bug fixes

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    New Jot touch support - include better connection and smoother lines for Jot Script too.
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers. 
Version 6.2.3 (Jul 18, 2014)
    Bug fixes

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    New Jot touch support - include better connection and smoother lines for Jot Script too.
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.2.2 (Jul 9, 2014)
    Bug fix to reconnect Jot Script and Jot Touch automatically

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    New Jot touch support - include better connection and smoother lines for Jot Script too.
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.2.1 (Jul 6, 2014)
    New Jot touch support - include better connection and smoother lines for Jot Script too.

    Bug fixes and refinements

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.2.0 (Jul 3, 2014)
    Sub-folders for Documents, Templates and Symbol Library - folders within folders within folders etc
    Bug fixes and refinements

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.1.2 (Jun 22, 2014)
    Saved Line Settings
    Save Shape Settings
    Bug fixes


    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. If you have suggestions for improvements please email - we respond to everyone, (many of our features have been improved by emails from users). THANK YOU!

    Also in Version 6

    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness
    Page rotation 90, 180, 270 degrees
    Open in... for jpeg and png images
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.1.1 (Jun 12, 2014)
    Improved editing of line colour, opacity and thickness

    Page rotation 90,180,270degrees

    Open in... for jpeg and png images

    Bug fixes



    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. Thank you.



    Also in Version 6



    Auto-backup system

    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams

    Re-worked eraser tool

    Screen-capture tool

    Wacom Intuos Stylus support

    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)

    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens

    One Drive (personal) support

    Italic Pen

    Tags for documents and pages

    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing

    Active Stylus calibration

    Document covers.
Version 6.1.0 (Jun 8, 2014)
    Auto-backup system
    Curvy lines for mind maps and diagrams
    Re-worked eraser tool
    Screen-capture tool
    Many optimizations and improvements

    Please help us - if you like ZoomNotes please could you leave a short review in the app store. Thank you.

    Also in Version 6

    Wacom Intuos Stylus support
    Undo and redo for view changes (view/page)
    Slow-smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens
    One Drive (personal) support
    Italic Pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Active Stylus calibration
    Document covers.
Version 6.0.9 (May 27, 2014)
    bug fix for Evernote
Version 6.0.8 (May 23, 2014)
    Bug fixes
Version 6.0.7 (May 16, 2014)
    Tiled drawing mode enhancements

    Undo and redo for view changes (zoom/page)

    Bug fixes
Version 6.0.6 (May 10, 2014)
    Wacom Intuos Stylus Support
    Bug Fixes
Version 6.0.5 (May 6, 2014)
    Bug fixes
Version 6.0.4 (Apr 30, 2014)
    Bug fixes
Version 6.0.3 (Apr 27, 2014)
    Bug Fixes
Version 6.0.2 (Apr 22, 2014)
    Slow Smoothing for Fine-tip active stylus pens include Jot Script, Lynktec Apex and Hex3 Nota



    OneDrive support



    Bug Fixes
Version 6.0.1 (Apr 16, 2014)
    Updated box.com api
    Various bug fixes

    Please note - you can turn 'Tiled drawing' on/off in the Interface section of the app settings.
Version 6.0.0 (Apr 12, 2014)
    New iOS 7 User Interface
    Faster drawing
    New Italic pen
    Tags for documents and pages
    Linked Audio Recording to Drawing
    Saved text styles
    Active Stylus Calibration
    Paged viewing mode
    Document covers

    Many other refinements
Version 5.5.8 (Apr 2, 2014)
    Active Stylus Calibrate
    WebDav bug fix

    Also in Version 5
    Retina ink throughout
    Quicker new document creation sequence
    'Always English' setting
    Setting to enable/disable stylus pressure sensitivity (Adonit Touch, Hex3 JaJa and Pogo Connect).
    Zoom capture now stays open between pages
    Tap to position Zoom box
    Remember pen settings for new projects
    Better toolbar for external screens
    Fix for Adonit palm protection
    Improved Real-time Ink Smoothing
    Improved Saved pen access
    Animated ink in Bookmarks
    Password protection
    Toolbar position (bottom of screen option)
    Txt and Rtf file support
    Improved external display connection
    Individual bookmark transition properties
    Airdrop sharing
    Search text
    Calibrate for Jot Script stylus
    Links for polygons and shapes
    Split-mode for external screens
    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files
    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection
    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.
Version 5.5.7 (Mar 13, 2014)
    Ink fix - small lines would occasionally be drawn thicker than expected
    Other bug fixes and optimizations

    Also in Version 5
    Retina ink throughout
    Quicker new document creation sequence
    'Always English' setting
    Setting to enable/disable stylus pressure sensitivity (Adonit Touch, Hex3 JaJa and Pogo Connect).
    Zoom capture now stays open between pages
    Tap to position Zoom box
    Remember pen settings for new projects
    Better toolbar for external screens
    Fix for Adonit palm protection
    Improved Real-time Ink Smoothing
    Improved Saved pen access
    Animated ink in Bookmarks
    Password protection
    Toolbar position (bottom of screen option)
    Txt and Rtf file support
    Improved external display connection
    Individual bookmark transition properties
    Airdrop sharing
    Search text
    Calibrate for Jot Script stylus
    Links for polygons and shapes
    Split-mode for external screens
    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files
    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection
    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.
Version 5.5.6 (Mar 5, 2014)
    Retina ink throughout
    Language fix
    Quicker new document creation sequence
    'Always English' setting
    Setting to enable/disable stylus pressure sensitivity (Adonit Touch, Hex3 JaJa and Pogo Connect).


    Also in Version 5:
    Zoom capture now stays open between pages
    Tap to position Zoom box
    Remember pen settings for new projects
    Better toolbar for external screens
    Fix for Adonit palm protection
    Improved Real-time Ink Smoothing
    Improved Saved pen access
    Animated ink in Bookmarks
    Password protection
    Toolbar position (bottom of screen option)
    Txt and Rtf file support
    Improved external display connection
    Individual bookmark transition properties
    Airdrop sharing
    Search text
    Calibrate for Jot Script stylus
    Links for polygons and shapes
    Split-mode for external screens
    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files
    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection
    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.
Version 5.5.5 (Feb 24, 2014)
    Zoom capture now stays open between pages
    Fix for email password

    Also in Version 5:
    Tap to position Zoom box
    Remember pen settings for new projects
    Better toolbar for external screens
    Fix for Adonit palm protection
    Improved Real-time Ink Smoothing
    Improved Saved pen access
    Animated ink in Bookmarks
    Password protection
    Toolbar position (bottom of screen option)
    Txt and Rtf file support
    Improved external display connection
    Individual bookmark transition properties
    Airdrop sharing
    Search text
    Calibrate for Jot Script stylus
    Links for polygons and shapes
    Split-mode for external screens
    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files
    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection
    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo. 
Version 5.5.4 (Feb 13, 2014)
    Fix for foreign language translations
    Tap to position Zoom box
    Remember pen settings for new projects
    Better toolbar for external screens
    Fix for Adonit palm protection

    Also in version 5:

    Improved Real-time Ink Smoothing
    Improved Saved pen access
    Animated ink in Bookmarks
    Password protection
    Toolbar position (bottom of screen option)
    Txt and Rtf file support
    Improved external display connection
    Individual bookmark transition properties
    Airdrop sharing
    Search text
    Calibrate for Jot Script stylus
    Links for polygons and shapes
    Split-mode for external screens
    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files
    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection
    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.
Version 5.5.3 (Feb 7, 2014)
    Better Jot Touch/Script palm protection
    Google drive login bug fix
    Image edit fix (for iPhone/iPod)

    Also in version 5:

    Improved Real-time Ink Smoothing
    Improved Saved pen access
    Animated ink in Bookmarks
    Password protection
    Toolbar position (bottom of screen option)
    Txt and Rtf file support
    Improved external display connection
    Individual bookmark transition properties
    Airdrop sharing
    Search text
    Calibrate for Jot Script stylus
    Links for polygons and shapes
    Split-mode for external screens
    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files
    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection
    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.


    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response. 
Version 5.5.2 (Feb 1, 2014)
    Improved Real-time Ink Smoothing
    Improved Saved pen access
    Various bug fixes

    Also in version 5:

    Animated ink in Bookmarks
    Password protection
    Toolbar position (bottom of screen option)
    Txt and Rtf file support
    Improved external display connection
    Individual bookmark transition properties
    Airdrop sharing
    Search text
    Calibrate for Jot Script stylus
    Links for polygons and shapes
    Split-mode for external screens
    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files
    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection
    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.


    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response.
Version 5.5.1 (Jan 24, 2014)
    Folder open bug fix
    Nib ink bug fix


    Also in version 5:

    Animated ink in Bookmarks
    Password protection
    Toolbar position (bottom of screen option)
    Txt and Rtf file support
    Improved external display connection
    Individual bookmark transition properties
    Airdrop sharing
    Search text
    Calibrate for Jot Script stylus
    Links for polygons and shapes
    Split-mode for external screens
    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files
    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection
    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.


    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response.
Version 5.5.0 (Jan 16, 2014)
    Animated ink in Bookmarks
    Password protection
    Toolbar position (bottom of screen option)
    Txt and Rtf file support

    Also in version 5:

    Improved external display connection
    Individual bookmark transition properties
    Airdrop sharing
    Search text
    Calibrate for Jot Script stylus
    Links for polygons and shapes
    Split-mode for external screens
    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files
    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection
    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.


    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response.
Version 5.4.3 (Dec 21, 2013)
    Bug-fix for 'Mask image' and 'Distort image'
    Smoother nib ink

    Also in version 5:

    Improved external display connection
    Individual bookmark transition properties
    Airdrop sharing
    Search text
    Calibrate for Jot Script stylus
    Links for polygons and shapes
    Improvements to Zoom-capture window
    Split-mode for external screens
    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Bug fixes (includes a fix in the Adonit Jot palm protection)


    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files

    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection

    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.


    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response.
Version 5.4.2 (Dec 17, 2013)
    Jot Touch/Script improvements
    Improved external display connection

    NOTE: Internet connection ONLY required to transfer data to and from the cloud! (This is a response to a comment left in iTunes, please email if you need clarification).

    Also in version 5:

    Individual bookmark transition properties
    Airdrop sharing
    Search text
    Calibrate for Jot Script stylus
    Links for polygons and shapes
    Improvements to Zoom-capture window
    Split-mode for external screens
    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Bug fixes (includes a fix in the Adonit Jot palm protection)


    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files

    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection

    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.


    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response.
Version 5.4.1 (Dec 11, 2013)
    Improved external display connection
    Individual bookmark transition properties
    Airdrop sharing

    NOTE: Internet connection ONLY required to transfer data to and from the cloud! (This is a response to a comment left in iTunes, please email if you need clarification).

    Also in version 5:

    Search text
    Calibrate for Jot Script stylus
    Links for polygons and shapes
    Improvements to Zoom-capture window
    Split-mode for external screens
    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Bug fixes (includes a fix in the Adonit Jot palm protection)


    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files

    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection

    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.


    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response. 
Version 5.4.0 (Dec 4, 2013)
    Search text
    Calibrate for Jot Script stylus
    Links for polygons and shapes
    Improvements to Zoom-capture window
    Split-mode for external screens

    Also in version 5

    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Bug fixes (includes a fix in the Adonit Jot palm protection)


    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files

    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection

    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.


    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response.
Version 5.3.3 (Nov 26, 2013)
    Bugfix to keep very thin lines from disappearing

    Also in version 5

    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Bug fixes (includes a fix in the Adonit Jot palm protection)


    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files

    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection

    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.


    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response.
Version 5.3.2 (Nov 20, 2013)
    Bug fixes


    Also in version 5

    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Bug fixes (includes a fix in the Adonit Jot palm protection)


    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files

    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection

    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.


    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response.
Version 5.3.1 (Nov 8, 2013)
    New double-tap option in Zoom tool : to sheet width
    Bug fixes

    Also in version 5

    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Bug fixes (includes a fix in the Adonit Jot palm protection)


    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files

    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection

    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.


    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response.
Version 5.3.0 (Nov 1, 2013)
    New colour manager including configurable palettes
    Support for new Adonit Script pen
    Bug fixes (includes a fix in the Adonit Jot palm protection)


    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files

    Also in version 5
    Zoom-capture window
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection

    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.


    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response.
Version 5.2.3 (Oct 18, 2013)
    Import sub-pages from other documents
    Cross-out to delete
    Improved handling of large PDF files

    Also in 5.2
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection

    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.


    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response.
Version 5.2.2 (Oct 10, 2013)
    Real-time ink smoothing
    Much smoother Jot and Jaja stylus support
    Improved palm protection

    Also in 5.2
    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.


    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response.
Version 5.2.1 (Oct 3, 2013)
    Bug fixes

    Also in 5.2
    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.
    Improved Palm protection

    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response.
Version 5.2.0 (Sep 27, 2013)
    iOS7 Compatibility
    Import sub-documents
    Archive tool
    Improved support for pressure sensitive pens - Jot, Jaja and Pogo.
    Improved Palm protection

    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response.
Version 5.1.6 (Sep 12, 2013)
    New and improved 'wrist protection'
    'Fine tip' stylus mode (keeps the drawn lines centred on the stylus tip)
    New look layer interface
    Improved Jot touch support

    If you like ZoomNotes please help us by leaving a review in the App Store.

    If you have feature requests or notice problems or bugs please email us or post on our website - you will get a much faster response.
Version 5.1.5 (Aug 29, 2013)
    Share to Evernote
    Flip/Mirror tool
    Various other bug fixes and enhancements

    Jot touch palm protection bug fix
    Please note: We have also discovered a bug which only affects Left-handed mode for the Jot touch and we are currently working on a fix
Version 5.1.2 (Aug 17, 2013)
    Dashed lines in arrows and polygons
    Zoom-capture margins
Version 5.1.1 (Aug 9, 2013)
    Fixed missing icon
    Colours remembered for each pen type
    Bug fix for iCloud
    Bug fixes and enhancements

    Also new in version 5

    Hand-writing capture window
    New 'Deform Image' Tool
    Connected Objects - join all objects with arrows (used to be just polygonal shapes)
    Text-edit improvements
    New Share Target - Open in... (for image, video and pdf)
    New Edit Options: Duplicate, Paste in place, Paste as image, Set Style.
    Realtime transforms - see your moves, rotates and scales in realtime!
    Laser pointer for presentation mode
    Updated User Interface
    Smoother ink capture engine
    New scan-correction imaging
    Improved Text Tool
    Merge documents, including pdf files to sub-documents
    JaJa, Pogo Connect and Jot Touch Pressure sensitive stylus support
    Box.com support
    Scan correct image tool
    Layer locking
Version 5.1.0 (Aug 1, 2013)
    Hand-writing capture window
    New 'Deform Image' Tool
    Bug fixes and enhancements

    Also new in version 5

    Connected Objects - join all objects with arrows (used to be just polygonal shapes)
    Text-edit improvements
    New Share Target - Open in... (for image, video and pdf)
    New Edit Options: Duplicate, Paste in place, Paste as image, Set Style.
    Realtime transforms - see your moves, rotates and scales in realtime!
    Laser pointer for presentation mode
    Updated User Interface
    Smoother ink capture engine
    New scan-correction imaging
    Improved Text Tool
    Merge documents, including pdf files to sub-documents
    JaJa, Pogo Connect and Jot Touch Pressure sensitive stylus support
    Box.com support
    Scan correct image tool
    Layer locking
Version 5.0.8 (Jul 24, 2013)
    Connected Objects - join all objects with arrows (used to be just polygonal shapes) Text-edit improvements New Share Target - Open in... (for image, video and pdf) New Edit Options: Duplicate, Paste in place, Paste as image, Set Style. GoogleDrive login bug-fix Paste text bug-fix New In 5.0: Realtime transforms - see your moves, rotates and scales in realtime! Laser pointer for presentation mode Updated User Interface Smoother ink capture engine New scan-correction imaging Improved Text Tool Merge documents, including pdf files to sub-documents JaJa, Pogo Connect and Jot Touch Pressure sensitive stylus support Box.com support Scan correct image tool Layer locking
Version 5.0.7 (Jul 11, 2013)
    Realtime transforms - see your moves, rotates and scales in realtime!

    New In 5.0:

    Laser pointer for presentation mode
    Updated User Interface
    Smoother ink capture engine
    New scan-correction imaging
    Improved Text Tool
    Merge documents, including pdf files to sub-documents
    JaJa, Pogo Connect and Jot Touch Pressure sensitive stylus support
    Box.com support
    Scan correct image tool
    Layer locking
Version 5.0.5 (Jun 26, 2013)
    Bug fixes and enhancements


    New In 5.0:

    Laser pointer for presentation mode
    Updated User Interface
    Smoother ink capture engine
    New scan-correction imaging
    Improved Text Tool
    Merge documents, including pdf files to sub-documents
    JaJa, Pogo Connect and Jot Touch Pressure sensitive stylus support
    Box.com support
    Scan correct image tool
    Layer locking
Version 5.0.3 (Jun 12, 2013)
    Support for Adonit Jot Touch Stylus
    Layer locking
    Swipe to scroll bug fix
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    New In 5.0:

    Laser pointer for presentation mode
    Updated User Interface
    Smoother ink capture engine
    New scan-correction imaging
    Improved Text Tool
    Merge documents, including pdf files to sub-documents
    JaJa and Pogo Connect Pressure sensitive stylus support
    Box.com support
    Scan correct image tool
Version 5.0.2 (May 31, 2013)
    Bug fixes

    New In 5.0:

    Laser pointer for presentation mode
    Updated User Interface
    Smoother ink capture engine
    New scan-correction imaging
    Improved Text Tool
    Merge documents, including pdf files to sub-documents
    JaJa and Pogo Connect Pressure sensitive stylus support
    Box.com support
    Scan correct image tool
Version 5.0.1 (May 23, 2013)
    Added Laser pointer for presentation mode

    Bug fixes

    New In 5.0:

    Updated User Interface
    Smoother ink capture engine
    New scan-correction imaging
    Improved Text Tool
    Merge documents, including pdf files to sub-documents
    JaJa and Pogo Connect Pressure sensitive stylus support
    Box.com support
    Scan correct image tool
Version 5.0.0 (May 16, 2013)
    Updated User Interface
    Smoother ink capture engine
    New scan-correction imaging
    Improved Text Tool
    Merge documents, including pdf files to sub-documents
    JaJa and Pogo Connect Pressure sensitive stylus support
    Box.com support
    Scan correct image tool
Version 4.2.4 (May 1, 2013)
    Bug fixes



    In 4.2

    iCloud support

    GoogleDrive support

    WebDav support

    Pogo Connect stylus support

    Doument merging

    Open Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint files as PDF, (using GoogleDrive conversion).



    New in 4.0:

    Dashed lines

    Fix for hi-res video export

    Improved Rubout tool



    Four new pen types - Gel, Nib, Pencil and Watercolour

    Image masking - mask any image against either freehand shapes or polygons or combinations of them both.

    New 'Pen-bar' for fast switching of pens and colours

    Layers

    Search bar for documents

    Configurable button colours



    Lots of other optimizations and enhancements.
Version 4.2.3 (Apr 14, 2013)
    Bug fixes

    In 4.2
    iCloud support
    GoogleDrive support
    WebDav support
    Pogo Connect stylus support
    Doument merging
    Open Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint files as PDF, (using GoogleDrive conversion).

    New in 4.0:
    Dashed lines
    Fix for hi-res video export
    Improved Rubout tool

    Four new pen types - Gel, Nib, Pencil and Watercolour
    Image masking - mask any image against either freehand shapes or polygons or combinations of them both.
    New 'Pen-bar' for fast switching of pens and colours
    Layers
    Search bar for documents
    Configurable button colours

    Lots of other optimizations and enhancements. 
Version 4.2.2 (Apr 2, 2013)
    Bug fixes

    In 4.2
    iCloud support
    GoogleDrive support
    WebDav support
    Pogo Connect stylus support
    Doument merging
    Open Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint files as PDF, (using GoogleDrive conversion).

    New in 4.0:
    Dashed lines
    Fix for hi-res video export
    Improved Rubout tool

    Four new pen types - Gel, Nib, Pencil and Watercolour
    Image masking - mask any image against either freehand shapes or polygons or combinations of them both.
    New 'Pen-bar' for fast switching of pens and colours
    Layers
    Search bar for documents
    Configurable button colours

    Lots of other optimizations and enhancements.
Version 4.2.1 (Mar 22, 2013)
    Bug fixes

    In 4.2.0
    iCloud support
    GoogleDrive support
    WebDav support
    Pogo Connect stylus support
    Doument merging
    Open Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint files as PDF, (using GoogleDrive conversion).

    New in 4.0:
    Dashed lines
    Fix for hi-res video export
    Improved Rubout tool

    Four new pen types - Gel, Nib, Pencil and Watercolour
    Image masking - mask any image against either freehand shapes or polygons or combinations of them both.
    New 'Pen-bar' for fast switching of pens and colours
    Layers
    Search bar for documents
    Configurable button colours

    Lots of other optimizations and enhancements.
Version 4.2.0 (Mar 11, 2013)
    iCloud support
    GoogleDrive support
    WebDav support
    Pogo Connect stylus support
    Doument merging
    Open Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint files as PDF, (using GoogleDrive conversion).

    New in 4.0:
    Dashed lines
    Fix for hi-res video export
    Improved Rubout tool

    Four new pen types - Gel, Nib, Pencil and Watercolour
    Image masking - mask any image against either freehand shapes or polygons or combinations of them both.
    New 'Pen-bar' for fast switching of pens and colours
    Layers
    Search bar for documents
    Configurable button colours

    Lots of other optimizations and enhancements. 
Version 4.0.3 (Feb 15, 2013)
    Dashed lines
    Fix for hi-res video export
    Improved Rubout tool

    New in 4.0:
    Four new pen types - Gel, Nib, Pencil and Watercolour
    Image masking - mask any image against either freehand shapes or polygons or combinations of them both.
    New 'Pen-bar' for fast switching of pens and colours
    Layers
    Search bar for documents
    Configurable button colours

    Lots of other optimizations and enhancements.
Version 4.0.2 (Jan 24, 2013)
    New 'Pen-bar' for fast switching of pens and colours

    Layers

    Search bar for documents

    Configurable button colours



    New in 4.0:
    Four new pen types - Gel, Nib, Pencil and Watercolour
    Image masking - mask any image against either freehand shapes or polygons or combinations of them both.
    Lots of other optimizations and enhancements.
Version 4.0.1 (Jan 4, 2013)
    Various small bug fixes

    In 4.0.1:
    Four new pen types - Gel, Nib, Pencil and Watercolour
    Image masking - mask any image against either freehand shapes or polygons or combinations of them both.
    Lots of other optimizations and enhancements.
Version 4.0.0 (Dec 19, 2012)
    Four new pen types - Gel, Nib, Pencil and Watercolour
    Image masking - mask any image against either freehand shapes or polygons or combinations of them both.
    Lots of other optimizations and enhancements.
Version 3.5.0 (Dec 3, 2012)
    Updated user interface
    Modeless sidebar
    Faster ink capture
    Faster startup
Version 3.1.1 (Oct 21, 2012)
    Smoother solid ink
    Bug fix for symbol placement 
Version 3.1.0 (Oct 1, 2012)
    iOS 6
    Bookmark frames
    Sound inserts
Version 3.0.0 (Sep 6, 2012)
    Sub-documents
    New document templates
    Automatic shape detection
    Loop selection
    Improved text editing
    Colour dropper
    WiFi Images

    We've got many more good ideas for the next version of ZoomNotes, but we need your support - please leave us a review - it helps us find out what you think and also helps potential new customers decide whether to buy our app. Thanks.
Version 2.1.3 (Jul 5, 2012)
    Bug fix for non-english text entry
Version 2.1.2 (Jun 20, 2012)
    Various bug fixes

    Asymmetric scale option
Version 2.1.1 (May 21, 2012)
    New ink method - smoother and better feel when writing
    Retina view optimisations
    Various bug fixes
Version 2.1.0 (Apr 28, 2012)
    Google Map Images
    Change page parameters for existing documents
    Bug fix for text on retina display
Version 2.0.1 (Apr 16, 2012)
    Fix for 4.3 iOS versions.
Version 2.0.0 (Mar 30, 2012)
    Many great new features-
    Typed Text
    Arrowed Lines
    Filled shapes
    Symbol library
    Bookmarks
    Videos within documents
    Web images
    Sound recording
    Speed enhancements
    Guide lines for easy alignment
    Rotated views and animated view transitions
    Video output
    AirPlay Support
    iPad3 support
Version 1.2.2 (Oct 28, 2011)
    Bug fixes and optimisations
Version 1.2.1 (Oct 26, 2011)
    Smoother ink
    Cut and Paste to/from other applications
    Use of all photo albums including new photo stream album (iCloud)
Version 1.2 (Oct 21, 2011)
    Share as an image

    Share to Facebook

    Share to Twitter (iOS 5)
Version 1.1.2 (Oct 19, 2011)
    iOS 5 Tested

    Bug fix for dragging documents between folders in iOS 5

    Fix for iPhone use with VGA connector
Version 1.1.1 (Oct 13, 2011)
    Various bug fixes

    Change line colours

    Change line styles
Version 1.1.0 (Oct 4, 2011)
    Faster handwriting capture and drawing
Version 1.0.1 (Sep 22, 2011)
    Welcome document (also available at www.zoom-notes.com/help.php)

    Delete pages

    Various bug fixes
Version 1.0 (Sep 12, 2011)
Version 7.1.23 (Sep 12, 2011)
    New presentation feature - lock the layer visibility on external screen, (have presentation notes in a separate layer which will only be visible on the iPad not the external screen).
    Other bug fixes and optimisations

    If you are enjoying ZoomNotes, please could you take the time to leave us a review, thanks.

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Noteshelf 2
Defter Notes
DEVONthink To Go 3
Noteshelf 3
Adonit One
Notes Writer Pro 2024
Notes Plus
Notes Plus X
SimpleMind Pro - Mind Mapping
Yoink - Improved Drag and Drop
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Tool
Tool
Apps that add a tool, technology, or functionality to the device, such as ruler, screen mirror, calculator and etc.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
iPhone Market
Not featuredon App Store homepage
1 time
on App Store category pages
Versions

    8.8.31
    Current release
    Feb 21, 2024
    8.8.30
    Feb 14, 2024
    8.8.29
    Feb 8, 2024
    8.8.28
    Feb 6, 2024
    8.8.27
    Jan 27, 2024
    8.8.26
    Jan 10, 2024
    8.8.25
    Dec 19, 2023
    8.8.24
    Nov 30, 2023
    8.8.23
    Nov 8, 2023
    8.8.22
    Oct 23, 2023
    8.8.20
    Oct 4, 2023
    8.8.19
    Sep 24, 2023
    8.8.17
    Sep 19, 2023
    8.8.15
    Sep 8, 2023
    8.8.14
    Aug 23, 2023
    8.8.13
    Aug 10, 2023
    8.8.12
    Jul 21, 2023
    8.8.11
    Jul 16, 2023
    8.8.10
    Jun 7, 2023
    8.8.8
    May 24, 2023
    8.8.7
    May 1, 2023
    8.8.6
    Apr 14, 2023
    8.8.5
    Mar 31, 2023
    8.8.4
    Mar 3, 2023
    8.8.3
    Feb 28, 2023
    8.8.2
    Jan 27, 2023
    8.8.1
    Jan 10, 2023
    8.8.0
    Jan 6, 2023
    8.8.0
    Jan 6, 2023
    8.7.12
    Dec 19, 2022
    8.7.11
    Dec 14, 2022
    8.7.10
    Dec 8, 2022
    8.7.9
    Dec 7, 2022
    8.7.8
    Dec 1, 2022
    8.7.7
    Nov 2, 2022
    8.7.6
    Oct 27, 2022
    8.7.5
    Sep 23, 2022
    8.7.4
    Sep 10, 2022
    8.7.3
    Aug 6, 2022
    8.7.2
    Jul 14, 2022
    8.7.1
    Jun 21, 2022
    8.7.0
    Jun 15, 2022
    8.6.12
    Jun 7, 2022
    8.6.11
    May 21, 2022
    8.6.10
    May 5, 2022
    8.6.9
    Apr 29, 2022
    8.6.8
    Apr 15, 2022
    8.6.7
    Apr 6, 2022
    8.6.6
    Mar 31, 2022
    8.6.5
    Mar 22, 2022
    8.6.4
    Mar 4, 2022
    8.6.3
    Feb 14, 2022
    8.6.2
    Feb 7, 2022
    8.6.1
    Jan 14, 2022
    8.6.0
    Dec 22, 2021
    8.5.21
    Dec 6, 2021
    8.5.20
    Nov 6, 2021
    8.5.19
    Oct 25, 2021
    8.5.18
    Oct 18, 2021
    8.5.17
    Oct 13, 2021
    8.5.16
    Sep 23, 2021
    8.5.15
    Sep 14, 2021
    8.5.14
    Aug 22, 2021
    8.5.12
    Aug 20, 2021
    8.5.11
    Jul 14, 2021
    8.5.10
    Jul 8, 2021
    8.5.9
    Jun 25, 2021
    8.5.8
    Jun 17, 2021
    8.5.7
    Jun 10, 2021
    8.5.6
    Jun 6, 2021
    8.5.5
    May 16, 2021
    8.5.4
    May 11, 2021
    8.5.3
    May 4, 2021
    8.5.2
    Apr 28, 2021
    8.5.1
    Apr 8, 2021
    8.5.0
    Apr 1, 2021
    8.4.11
    Feb 24, 2021
    8.4.10
    Feb 15, 2021
    8.4.9
    Feb 3, 2021
    8.4.8
    Jan 27, 2021
    8.4.7
    Jan 26, 2021
    8.4.6
    Jan 9, 2021
    8.4.5
    Dec 30, 2020
    8.4.4
    Dec 19, 2020
    8.4.2
    Dec 6, 2020
    8.4.1
    Nov 30, 2020
    8.4.0
    Nov 26, 2020
    8.3.12
    Oct 27, 2020
    8.3.11
    Oct 25, 2020
    8.3.10
    Oct 23, 2020
    8.3.9
    Oct 12, 2020
    8.3.8
    Oct 11, 2020
    8.3.7
    Sep 27, 2020
    8.3.6
    Sep 25, 2020
    8.3.5
    Sep 22, 2020
    8.3.4
    Aug 13, 2020
    8.3.3
    Aug 8, 2020
    8.3.2
    Jul 29, 2020
    8.3.1
    Jul 12, 2020
    8.3.0
    Jul 10, 2020
    8.2.8
    Jun 9, 2020
    8.2.7
    May 24, 2020
    8.2.5
    May 21, 2020
    8.2.4
    May 14, 2020
    8.2.3
    May 3, 2020
    8.2.2
    Apr 22, 2020
    8.2.1
    Apr 14, 2020
    8.2.0
    Apr 11, 2020
    8.1.9
    Apr 4, 2020
    8.1.8
    Apr 1, 2020
    8.1.7
    Mar 18, 2020
    8.1.6
    Mar 11, 2020
    8.1.5
    Feb 15, 2020
    8.1.4
    Feb 10, 2020
    8.1.3
    Feb 4, 2020
    8.1.2
    Jan 30, 2020
    8.1.1
    Jan 18, 2020
    8.1.0
    Dec 22, 2019
    8.0.29
    Nov 29, 2019
    8.0.28
    Nov 7, 2019
    8.0.27
    Nov 6, 2019
    8.0.26
    Oct 24, 2019
    8.0.25
    Oct 16, 2019
    8.0.24
    Sep 20, 2019
    8.0.23
    Sep 15, 2019
    8.0.22
    Aug 29, 2019
    8.0.21
    Aug 15, 2019
    8.0.20
    Aug 14, 2019
    8.0.19
    Aug 5, 2019
    8.0.18
    Jul 25, 2019
    8.0.17
    Jul 19, 2019
    8.0.15
    Jul 8, 2019
    8.0.14
    Jun 19, 2019
    8.0.13
    Jun 13, 2019
    8.0.12
    Jun 7, 2019
    8.0.11
    May 23, 2019
    8.0.10
    May 18, 2019
    8.0.9
    May 16, 2019
    8.0.8
    Apr 20, 2019
    8.0.7
    Apr 4, 2019
    8.0.6
    Mar 18, 2019
    8.0.5
    Mar 7, 2019
    8.0.4
    Feb 26, 2019
    8.0.2
    Jan 7, 2019
    8.0.1
    Jan 4, 2019
    8.0.0
    Dec 21, 2018
    7.6.42
    Dec 16, 2018
    7.6.41
    Dec 11, 2018
    7.6.40
    Nov 27, 2018
    7.6.39
    Nov 6, 2018
    7.6.38
    Oct 25, 2018
    7.6.37
    Oct 18, 2018
    7.6.36
    Oct 11, 2018
    7.6.35
    Oct 5, 2018
    7.6.34
    Sep 17, 2018
    7.6.33
    Aug 11, 2018
    7.6.32
    Aug 4, 2018
    7.6.31
    Jul 19, 2018
    7.6.30
    Jul 13, 2018
    7.6.29
    Jul 4, 2018
    7.6.28
    Jun 22, 2018
    7.6.27
    Jun 18, 2018
    7.6.26
    Jun 4, 2018
    7.6.25
    May 21, 2018
    7.6.24
    May 12, 2018
    7.6.23
    May 3, 2018
    7.6.22
    Apr 25, 2018
    7.6.21
    Apr 13, 2018
    7.6.20
    Apr 2, 2018
    7.6.19
    Mar 26, 2018
    7.6.18
    Mar 21, 2018
    7.6.17
    Mar 9, 2018
    7.6.16
    Feb 27, 2018
    7.6.15
    Feb 20, 2018
    7.6.14
    Feb 14, 2018
    7.6.13
    Feb 6, 2018
    7.6.12
    Jan 23, 2018
    7.6.11
    Jan 17, 2018
    7.6.10
    Dec 20, 2017
    7.6.9
    Dec 13, 2017
    7.6.8
    Nov 27, 2017
    7.6.7
    Nov 15, 2017
    7.6.6
    Nov 9, 2017
    7.6.5
    Oct 27, 2017
    7.6.4
    Oct 22, 2017
    7.6.3
    Oct 17, 2017
    7.6.2
    Oct 6, 2017
    7.6.1
    Sep 30, 2017
    7.6.0
    Sep 24, 2017
    7.5.8
    Sep 17, 2017
    7.5.7
    Aug 25, 2017
    7.5.6
    Aug 18, 2017
    7.5.5
    Jul 28, 2017
    7.5.4
    Jul 22, 2017
    7.5.3
    Jul 14, 2017
    7.5.2
    Jun 30, 2017
    7.5.1
    Jun 22, 2017
    7.5.0
    Jun 17, 2017
    7.1.33
    Jun 4, 2017
    7.1.32
    May 27, 2017
    7.1.31
    May 18, 2017
    7.1.30
    May 10, 2017
    7.1.29
    May 6, 2017
    7.1.28
    Apr 22, 2017
    7.1.27
    Apr 20, 2017
    7.1.26
    Apr 10, 2017
    7.1.25
    Apr 3, 2017
    7.1.24
    Mar 27, 2017
    7.1.22
    Feb 17, 2017
    7.1.21
    Feb 1, 2017
    7.1.20
    Jan 30, 2017
    7.1.19
    Jan 16, 2017
    7.1.18
    Jan 13, 2017
    7.1.17
    Jan 5, 2017
    7.1.16
    Dec 10, 2016
    7.1.15
    Nov 18, 2016
    7.1.14
    Nov 6, 2016
    7.1.12
    Oct 28, 2016
    7.1.11
    Oct 8, 2016
    7.1.10
    Oct 6, 2016
    7.1.9
    Sep 24, 2016
    7.1.8
    Sep 17, 2016
    7.1.7
    Sep 11, 2016
    7.1.6
    Aug 3, 2016
    7.1.5
    Jul 25, 2016
    7.1.4
    Jul 6, 2016
    7.1.3
    Jun 22, 2016
    7.1.2
    May 23, 2016
    7.1.1
    May 14, 2016
    7.1.0
    May 13, 2016
    7.0.16
    May 3, 2016
    7.0.15
    Apr 18, 2016
    7.0.14
    Mar 31, 2016
    7.0.12
    Mar 20, 2016
    7.0.11
    Mar 8, 2016
    7.0.10
    Mar 2, 2016
    7.0.9
    Feb 19, 2016
    7.0.8
    Feb 11, 2016
    7.0.7
    Dec 5, 2015
    7.0.6
    Nov 18, 2015
    7.0.5
    Nov 10, 2015
    7.0.4
    Oct 20, 2015
    7.0.3
    Oct 7, 2015
    7.0.2
    Sep 20, 2015
    7.0.1
    Sep 11, 2015
    7.0.0
    Sep 2, 2015
    6.4.18
    Aug 11, 2015
    6..4.17
    Jul 27, 2015
    6.4.16
    Jul 9, 2015
    6.4.15
    Jun 17, 2015
    6.4.14
    Jun 5, 2015
    6.4.13
    May 23, 2015
    6.4.12
    May 15, 2015
    6.4.11
    May 7, 2015
    6.4.10
    Apr 22, 2015
    6.4.9
    Apr 8, 2015
    6.4.8
    Apr 1, 2015
    6.4.7
    Mar 23, 2015
    6.4.6
    Mar 13, 2015
    6.4.5
    Mar 6, 2015
    6.4.4
    Feb 24, 2015
    6.4.3
    Feb 13, 2015
    6.4.2
    Jan 28, 2015
    6.4.1
    Jan 20, 2015
    6.4.0
    Jan 2, 2015
    6.3.6
    Dec 11, 2014
    6.3.5
    Nov 24, 2014
    6.3.4
    Nov 20, 2014
    6.3.3
    Nov 19, 2014
    6.3.2
    Nov 2, 2014
    6.3.1
    Sep 30, 2014
    6.3.0
    Sep 11, 2014
    6.2.4
    Aug 30, 2014
    6.2.3
    Jul 18, 2014
    6.2.2
    Jul 9, 2014
    6.2.1
    Jul 6, 2014
    6.2.0
    Jul 3, 2014
    6.1.2
    Jun 22, 2014
    6.1.1
    Jun 12, 2014
    6.1.0
    Jun 8, 2014
    6.0.9
    May 27, 2014
    6.0.8
    May 23, 2014
    6.0.7
    May 16, 2014
    6.0.6
    May 10, 2014
    6.0.5
    May 6, 2014
    6.0.4
    Apr 30, 2014
    6.0.3
    Apr 27, 2014
    6.0.2
    Apr 22, 2014
    6.0.1
    Apr 16, 2014
    6.0.0
    Apr 12, 2014
    5.5.8
    Apr 2, 2014
    5.5.7
    Mar 13, 2014
    5.5.6
    Mar 5, 2014
    5.5.5
    Feb 24, 2014
    5.5.4
    Feb 13, 2014
    5.5.3
    Feb 7, 2014
    5.5.2
    Feb 1, 2014
    5.5.1
    Jan 24, 2014
    5.5.0
    Jan 16, 2014
    5.4.3
    Dec 21, 2013
    5.4.2
    Dec 17, 2013
    5.4.1
    Dec 11, 2013
    5.4.0
    Dec 4, 2013
    5.3.3
    Nov 26, 2013
    5.3.2
    Nov 20, 2013
    5.3.1
    Nov 8, 2013
    5.3.0
    Nov 1, 2013
    5.2.3
    Oct 18, 2013
    5.2.2
    Oct 10, 2013
    5.2.1
    Oct 3, 2013
    5.2.0
    Sep 27, 2013
    5.1.6
    Sep 12, 2013
    5.1.5
    Aug 29, 2013
    5.1.2
    Aug 17, 2013
    5.1.1
    Aug 9, 2013
    5.1.0
    Aug 1, 2013
    5.0.8
    Jul 24, 2013
    5.0.7
    Jul 11, 2013
    5.0.5
    Jun 26, 2013
    5.0.3
    Jun 12, 2013
    5.0.2
    May 31, 2013
    5.0.1
    May 23, 2013
    5.0.0
    May 16, 2013
    4.2.4
    May 1, 2013
    4.2.3
    Apr 14, 2013
    4.2.2
    Apr 2, 2013
    4.2.1
    Mar 22, 2013
    4.2.0
    Mar 11, 2013
    4.0.3
    Feb 15, 2013
    4.0.2
    Jan 24, 2013
    4.0.1
    Jan 4, 2013
    4.0.0
    Dec 19, 2012
    3.5.0
    Dec 3, 2012
    3.1.1
    Oct 21, 2012
    3.1.0
    Oct 1, 2012
    3.0.0
    Sep 6, 2012
    2.1.3
    Jul 5, 2012
    2.1.2
    Jun 20, 2012
    2.1.1
    May 21, 2012
    2.1.0
    Apr 28, 2012
    2.0.1
    Apr 16, 2012
    2.0.0
    Mar 30, 2012
    1.2.2
    Oct 28, 2011
    1.2.1
    Oct 26, 2011
    1.2
    Oct 21, 2011
    1.1.2
    Oct 19, 2011
    1.1.1
    Oct 13, 2011
    1.1.0
    Oct 4, 2011
    1.0.1
    Sep 22, 2011
    1.0
    Sep 12, 2011
    7.1.23
    Sep 12, 2011

See More
About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Productivity

Initial Release Date
    Sep 12, 2011

Worldwide Release Date
    Sep 12, 2011

Last Updated Time
    Mar 5, 2024

Version
    8.8.31

Size
    155.67 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English, French, German, Japanese, Portuguese, Simplified Chinese, Spanish

Seller
    Deliverance Software Ltd

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.zoom-notes.zoomnotes

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Support Url

App Privacy Policy Url

Developer Account Website

App ID: 462234530

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

ZoomNotes | data.ai
				
				
				
				
				
	