Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Transcribe:Live Speech to Text
Shesek LLCProductivity (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Shesek LLC

    Transcribe:Live Speech to Text
    Transcribe:Live Speech to Text

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Transcribe:Live Speech to Text
Productivity (Applications)
Free
App Description
Record and transcribe LIVE.

Use it to take live notes, transcribe full meeting or any other usage (free version is limited to 60 seconds transcription). Connect it to your Mac to see live transcription there.

You can also playback the recording while the app would point to the word that is being said (great for editing). Advanced: click on the word and playback would go there, edit when playback is paused.

It's FREE to download so go ahead and check it out!

-----------------------------------
Information about the auto-renewable nature of the subscription
- Subscription period is monthly. Every month your subscription renews.
- Prices for subscriptions depends on which package you choose and will be seen in payment screen.
- Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
- Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
- Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal.
- Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase.
- Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.
- You can cancel your subscription via this url: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202039
- Privacy policy: http://privacy.safecloudapp.com
- Term of use: http://tos.safecloudapp.com
- Subscription Information : http://subscription.safecloudapp.com
-----------------------------------
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
N/A
Total Displayed Ratings
N/A

No data is available.
Pie chart with 3 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
No data is available.
See More
What's New

Version 1.28 (Jan 26, 2024)
    Transcribe let you record and transcribe live your meetings, talks and even just yourself. You can record on your iPhone and see it live on your Mac.

    In this version we fixed issues, added settings screen and did some behind the scene housekeeping.

    If you like the app please support us by writing an honest review on the App Store. Thank you!
Version 1.26 (Dec 5, 2022)
    Transcribe let you record and transcribe live your meetings, talks and even just yourself. You can record on your iPhone and see it live on your Mac.

    In this version we fixed issues, added settings screen and did some behind the scene housekeeping.

    If you like the app please support us by writing an honest review on the App Store. Thank you!
Version 1.25 (May 23, 2022)
    Transcribe let you record and transcribe live your meetings, talks and even just yourself. You can record on your iPhone and see it live on your Mac.

    In this version we fixed issues with deletion, added share extension, better playback functionality and did some behind the scene housekeeping.

    If you like the app please support us by writing an honest review on the App Store. Thank you!
Version 1.18 (Feb 1, 2022)

    Transcribe let you record and transcribe live your meetings, talks and even just yourself. You can record on your iPhone and see it live on your Mac.

    In this version we fixed issues with deletion, added share extension, better playback functionality and did some behind the scene housekeeping.

    If you like the app please support us by writing an honest review on the App Store. Thank you!
Version 1.16 (Jan 28, 2022)
    Transcribe let you record and transcribe live your meetings, talks and even just yourself. You can record on your iPhone and see it live on your Mac.

    In this version we fixed issues with UI on smaller screens, better playback functionality and did some behind the scene housekeeping.

    If you like the app please support us by writing an honest review on the App Store. Thank you!
Version 1.12 (Jan 23, 2022)
    Transcribe let you record and transcribe live your meetings, talks and even just yourself. You can record on your iPhone and see it live on your Mac.

    In this version we fixed a playback issue after editing some users experienced and did some behind the scene housekeeping.

    If you like the app please support us by writing an honest review on the App Store. Thank you!
Version 1.8 (Jan 21, 2022)
    We fixed some bugs and did some behind the scene housekeeping especially with connecting to the macOS version.

    If you like the app please support us by writing an honest review on the App Store. Thank you!
Version 1.9 (Jan 21, 2022)
    New feature: Auto scrolling.

    We fixed some bugs and did some behind the scene housekeeping especially with connecting to the macOS version.

    If you like the app please support us by writing an honest review on the App Store. Thank you!
Version 1.5 (Jan 19, 2022)
    Many bug fixes.
    Behind the scene fixes and improvements.

    If you like the app please support us by writing an honest review on the App Store. Thank you!
Version 1.4 (Jan 15, 2022)
    Fixing a crash some users experienced..
    Blue font would follow recognized words when playback, we fixed the multiline bug. You would love it!
    Behind the scene fixes and improvements.

    If you like the app please support us by writing an honest review on the App Store. Thank you!
Version 1.1 (Jan 14, 2022)
    Fix a crash some users experienced when changing languages.
    On-Device/Network processing indication.
    Blue font would follow recognized words when playback. You would love it!
    Behind the scene fixes and improvements.

    If you like the app please support us by writing an honest review on the App Store. Thank you!
Version 1.0 (Jan 12, 2022)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Live Transcribe Voice to Text
Transcriber • Speech to Text
Live Transcribe dictation text
Speech To-Text
Transcriber: Offline speech
Audio to Text Converter
Minutes - Meetings notes
Dictation - Speech to text
Voice to Text Dictation VoxRec
Speech to Text+
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Recorder
Recorder
Apps that allow users to record voice using a microphone and save it as an mp3 file.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    1.28
    Current release
    Jan 26, 2024
    1.26
    Dec 5, 2022
    1.25
    May 23, 2022
    1.18
    Feb 1, 2022
    1.16
    Jan 28, 2022
    1.12
    Jan 23, 2022
    1.8
    Jan 21, 2022
    1.9
    Jan 21, 2022
    1.5
    Jan 19, 2022
    1.4
    Jan 15, 2022
    1.1
    Jan 14, 2022
    1.0
    Jan 12, 2022

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Premium Subscription
    $4.99

About

Required Devices
    Mac, iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Productivity

Initial Release Date
    Jan 11, 2022

Worldwide Release Date
    Jan 11, 2022

Last Updated Time
    Mar 4, 2024

Version
    1.28

Size
    11.05 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    英语

Seller
    Shesek LLC

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    系统要求：iOS 14.1 或更高版本。兼容设备：iPhone、iPad、iPod touch。

Bundle ID
    co.shesek.transcribe

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1602959841

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Transcribe:Live Speech to Text | data.ai
