Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Drawing Box Pro
Nguyen Tan HonHuEntertainment (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Drawing Box Pro
    Drawing Box Pro

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Drawing Box Pro
Entertainment (Applications)
Free
iPad Only
App Description
Drawing Box Pro is the best app for painting and designing on a mobile device. A complete artist necessary tool set, with gorgeous pencil and brush effects. The strong feeling of comfort and the variety of the painting tools are incomparably rich. The pencil has 3 different stroke styles and 9 exclusive hatching effects. Brush, airbrush, watercolor, oil painting and smudge complete the set of artist tools.

The excellent video replay of your paintings will show up your processes and techniques. This is the best tool for teaching, analyzing and sharing your artworks.

Special for Apple Pencil drawing on the iPad Pro:

The Apple Pencil brings new challenges to painting apps with the three totally new specifications: the pointed pencil tip, the tilt angle, and the pressure sensitivity. Drawing Box Pro will give more accuracy compared to the finger tip and other styluses, the painting tool size will produce a really smooth variation by simple tilt the angle of the pen, and the pressure will add dark and saturation to the colors.

The pencils, brushes and other painting tools were enhanced individually to take the biggest advantages from pressure sensitivity and tilt angle cognition. You will feel again the incredible natural way to use pencils, pens and brushes.

Drawing with the Apple Pencil means working with not less than 350 levels of color density without adjusting your tool. In the meantime, you will draw and paint with strokes which can be enlarged up to 7 times their initial size, always without any adjustment.

The necessary tools:

- Pencil
- Brush
- Eraser
- Color palettes
- Canvas

The artist basic digital features:

- Zoom and pan
- Multi-layers
- Undo and redo
- Gallery (storage place)
- Size and opacity adjustment

The extra art tools:

- Pencil: 3 styles + 9 hatching heads
- Inkpen: rounded and calligraphic heads
- Art brush: 30 awesome effects
- Airbrush: 9 rich styles
- Watercolor: 10 whooshy brushes
- Oil painting: 3 deep coloring effects
- Smudge: 3 different color merging methods
- Symmetrical drawing: vertical and horizontal orientations
- Shapes: lined, gradient and flat fill.
- Color mixer: create your personal colors.
- Wet effect on the canvas.

Bonus digital features:

- Pressure sensitivity control (compatible with the new Apple Pencil)
- Multi-layers options: duplication, merge down 2 layers, opacity control, layer transition and edition, fill layers with imported pictures from your device library, camera or the application gallery.
- Canvas: rich textures and colors.
- Multiple undos and redos for a faster work edition.
- The gallery artwork is organized by blocks of unlimited number of pages. You can almost create a digital book inside the app, then export it as pdf files. Supported exported formats: psd, png, pdf, video.
- Video replay and sharing of your artworks.
- Paintings can be mixed and duplicated into several blocks.
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.18
Total Displayed Ratings
73

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 3.6 (Mar 16, 2022)
    Version 3.6:

    Bug fixes
Version 3.5 (Jun 28, 2021)
    - General improvement for the new iOS
    - Bug fixes
Version 3.0 (Oct 10, 2017)
Version 2.9 (Nov 8, 2016)
    - Enhanced for iOS 10
    - Bug fixes
Version 2.8 (Sep 21, 2016)
    Version 2.8:

    An incompatibility with iOS8 was fixed.
    Other minor bug fixes.
Version 2.7 (Jul 27, 2016)
    Version 2.7:

    Export painting improvements:

    - Export a single painting to Dropbox in PSD format.
    - Export a whole block of paintings to Dropbox as PDF or images.
    - Export movie to Dropbox.


    Version 2.6 (remind):

    - New feature: for a quicker access to the colors during your painting session, you have the option to permanently show any color palette in the painting window. Just tap on the button displayed on the top of each palette. It's also possible to freely move the color bar.

    - A minor problem of color palette display was fixed.

    - The import an image function was improved.



    Version 2.5 (remind):

    - New feature: filling closed shapes with colors and patterns. This is an absolutely amazing tool, you can mix colors and patterns in a same shape, you can even adjust the filling darkness to produce stronger or lighter effects.

    - New feature: canvas rotation inside the app. Instead of rotating your device, you have the ability to change the canvas orientation with 2 fingers rotation. This function is really helpful with the large 12.9 iPad Pro.

    - New feature: cutting and selecting a portion of an image, and paste it in the same layer or another layer. Rectangle, oval and freehand selection modes are available.

    - New option: you have the choice to start the app with a blank canvas or inside the app gallery window.

    - Several performance improvements.
Version 2.6 (Jul 18, 2016)
    Version 2.6:

    - New feature: for a quicker access to the colors during your painting session, you have the option to permanently show any color palette in the painting window. Just tap on the button displayed on the top of each palette. It's also possible to freely move the color bar.

    - A minor problem of color palette display was fixed.

    - The import an image function was improved.



    Version 2.5 (remind):

    - New feature: filling closed shapes with colors and patterns. This is an absolutely amazing tool, you can mix colors and patterns in a same shape, you can even adjust the filling darkness to produce stronger or lighter effects.

    - New feature: canvas rotation inside the app. Instead of rotating your device, you have the ability to change the canvas orientation with 2 fingers rotation. This function is really helpful with the large 12.9 iPad Pro.

    - New feature: cutting and selecting a portion of an image, and paste it in the same layer or another layer. Rectangle, oval and freehand selection modes are available.

    - New option: you have the choice to start the app with a blank canvas or inside the app gallery window.

    - Several performance improvements.
Version 2.5 (Jul 8, 2016)
    Version 2.5:

    - New feature: filling closed shapes with colors and patterns. This is an absolutely amazing tool, you can mix colors and patterns in a same shape, you can even adjust the filling darkness to produce stronger or lighter effects.

    - New feature: canvas rotation inside the app. Instead of rotating your device, you have the ability to change the canvas orientation with 2 fingers rotation. This function is really helpful with the large 12.9 iPad Pro.

    - New feature: cutting and selecting a portion of an image, and paste it in the same layer or another layer. Rectangle, oval and freehand selection modes are available.

    - New option: you have the choice to start the app with a blank canvas or inside the app gallery window.

    - Several performance improvements.
Version 2.4 (Jun 4, 2016)
    - The smoothness of pencil and pen strokes are now fully adjustable. Adding smoothness let you draw perfect curves in a single stroke. A high rate of smoothness will slower down the stroke speed, but it will draw a more perfect curve.

    - Some small bugs have been fixed.

    - Minor design improvements.
Version 2.3.2 (May 20, 2016)
    - We have fixed the problem of random lines appearing in zoom and pan action.
    - A better management of the layers
    - Some user interface enhancements
    - Other small bugs were fixed
Version 2.3 (Apr 6, 2016)
    - User interface cosmetic improvements.
    - Your last background color is memorized and applied to new paintings.
    - Last colors modification for deleting colors gesture.
    - Minor bugs were fixed.
Version 2.1 (Mar 15, 2016)
    Version 2.1:

    - Apple Pencil improvement: new friendly feature for Pencil users. We have added 2 new cursors specially developed for the Pencil. The tool sensitivity can be individually adjusted for each pencil, pen and brush. You have the ability to adjust the angle and pressure sensitivities to your own hand. Then, the painting tools will be accurately customized to you personal way of holding and drawing with the Pencil.

    - Your last used colors are now memorized in a specific and easily accessible page. The number of colors is unlimited, they can be deleted one by one, or all in one shot. You don't need to navigate through different palettes to find your best colors. All your personal colors created with our in app color mixer will also be memorized.

    - New digital ruler and compass has been implemented. They are totally different from shapes by their natural way of use and interface.

    - Tumblr users can now directly post their artworks from the app gallery to their account. It's definitely a quicker way to be visible on your preferred social network.

    - Several minor bugs were fixed.
Version 2.0 (Jan 14, 2016)
    Version 2:

    - The Apple Pencil has brought a great challenge to painting apps with the three totally new features: the pointed pencil tip, the tilt angle, and the pressure sensitivity. To summarize shortly, we can say that: the pointed tip offers more accuracy compared to the finger tip and other styluses, the angle management will produce pen and brush size variation, and the pressure will add dark and saturation to the colors.

    Drawing Box Pro is our first app to be specially upgraded for the Apple Pencil and the iPad Pro. The pencils, brushes and other painting tools were enhanced individually to take the biggest advantages from pressure sensitivity and tilt angle cognition.

    Drawing with the Apple Pencil let you work with not less than 350 levels of color density without adjusting your tool. In the meantime, you will draw and paint with strokes which can be enlarged up to 7 times their initial size, always without any adjustment.

    - We are testing new photo filters on the paintings. These filters are incredibly surprising. You can access to them from the app gallery.

    - We introduce the crop image feature, accurately adjustable pixel by pixel.

    - User interface small enhancements.

    - Some tiny bugs were fixed.
Version 1.0 (Dec 11, 2015)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Painting Atelier
Canvas SketchBook Pro
iPaint - Simple Drawing
Tayasui Color 2
Zen Brush 2
Drawith
Colored Pencil
Kinetiform
Colorize! - Animals
Block Game and more fun
IQ Classifications
Genre: Graphic & Design
Subgenre: Painting
Painting
Apps where canvas and brushes are provided for users to create paintings and graphics.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    3.6
    Current release
    Mar 16, 2022
    3.5
    Jun 28, 2021
    3.0
    Oct 10, 2017
    2.9
    Nov 8, 2016
    2.8
    Sep 21, 2016
    2.7
    Jul 27, 2016
    2.6
    Jul 18, 2016
    2.5
    Jul 8, 2016
    2.4
    Jun 4, 2016
    2.3.2
    May 20, 2016
    2.3
    Apr 6, 2016
    2.1
    Mar 15, 2016
    2.0
    Jan 14, 2016
    1.0
    Dec 11, 2015

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Unlock All Tools And Features
    $4.99

About

Required Devices
    iPad

Category
    Entertainment

Initial Release Date
    Dec 11, 2015

Worldwide Release Date
    Dec 11, 2015

Last Updated Time
    May 1, 2024

Version
    3.6

Size
    47.88 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English, French, Simplified Chinese

Seller
    Etienne Nguyen Tan Hon

Company HQ
    France

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 9.0 or later. Compatible with iPad.

Bundle ID
    com.nguyentanhonhuyongjie2015.drawboxpro

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Support Url

App Privacy Policy Url

Developer Account Website

Company Website

App ID: 1055345355

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Drawing Box Pro | data.ai
