Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Diary ·
Alain caltieriLifestyle (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Alain caltieri

    Diary ·
    Diary ·

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Diary ·
Daily journal & gratitude app
Lifestyle (Applications)
Free
App Description
A simple, flexible and private diary.

Keeping a journal helps in many ways. You can be more aware of your feelings and thoughts, keep track of your mood, dreams or experiences. Many influencing people love keeping a diary since it helps in so many ways!


-- “People who keep journals have life twice.” -- Jessamyn West


We've made this app as simple to use as possible. Everything is easy to discover and we'll guide you through the most advanced features. Our users love a simple and polished experience and that's what we give them.


-- “In the journal I am at ease.” -- Anais Nin


We give you all the flexibility you need. We won't tie you to any strict structure or force you to track anything you don't care about. You can add entries to the diary, like a mindfulness session or an area to list reasons for gratitude. You may even configure the diary as a travel journal or a dreams journal! That's easy to setup too: the only limit is your imagination.


-- “I can shake off everything as I write; my sorrows disappear, my courage is reborn.” -- Anne Frank


Your diary should be as private as you want. We do not upload your data anywhere, we don't track you and we value your privacy. And you get even more: we included a system to lock the app, so that no intruder can see your diary without your consent. Your diary is yours, private and secure.


-- “Whether you’re keeping a journal or writing as a meditation, it’s the same thing. What’s important is you’re having a relationship with your mind.” -- Natalie Goldberg


You are using an advanced device, so we're providing advanced and easy to use features. Like a cute mood tracking system. Or a way to import pictures in your journal. But also a calendar to navigate your memories... You can feel at ease, with a simple and familiar diary in your hands but also feel the power of the new tech you are using. We hope you will enjoy the balance.


-- “I don’t journal to ‘be productive.’ I don’t do it to find great ideas or to put down prose I can later publish. The pages aren’t intended for anyone but me. It’s the most cost-effective therapy I’ve ever found.” -- Tim Ferriss


Download and try it, you will not regret it!


---


Terms Of Service for the subscription:

To unlock the app you may need to subscribe to the service. This helps us pay development costs and provide a better experience. Please consider supporting us if you like the app.

You can check if you like the app and the premium content before making any commitment by using the free trial. It's free and easy to manage from within the app. We're always here to help anyway.

Here are a few more details:
- Free trial: You can use the app for free for a trial period. After that period you can subscribe to have full access to the app. You can cancel the subscription before the free trial period expires and you won’t be charged.
- Subscription is auto-renewable. It will renew automatically 24h before expiration and it will be billed to your iTunes Account
- You can cancel from the subscription anytime from settings > Your Name > iTunes & App Store > Apple Id > Subscriptions. Instructions and a link to the management page are also included inside the app (settings > support)
- When cancelling, the subscription will stay active until the end of the period. Auto-renewal will be disabled but the current subscription period can't be refunded.

WARNING: uninstalling the app will NOT cancel the subscription! Please make sure to follow the instructions above, check the support section inside the app or follow this link: https://crazyhorseapps.com/support.

Privacy Policy: https://crazyhorseapps.com/apps-privacy-policy
Terms Of Service: https://crazyhorseapps.com/apps/my-journal/my-journal-terms
Support Page: https://crazyhorseapps.com/support
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.56
Total Displayed Ratings
3.1k

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 1.5.5 (Feb 13, 2024)
    * Minor fixes and improvements
Version 1.5.4 (Dec 2, 2023)
    * Update libraries
    * Fix localization bug
    * Improve iAP system
Version 1.5.3 (Jul 16, 2021)
    Dear users,

    Hope you're doing well!

    We're always working on making the app better. This release includes some fixes based on your suggestions.
    Here they are:
    * Better default quality for photos added to the journal.
    * Fixed issues when viewing photo memories in full screen
    * Improved performance when scrolling the Diary view
    * Added a setting for setting photo quality. Lower quality saves iCloud space, higher quality looks much better :)
    * Improved the theme picker. Now you can fine tune the colors of your diary or create your own theme altogether! [iOS 14+ is required]


    As always, thank you very much for your support.
    If you need anything just write me an email: help.chapps@gmail.com. If you want to share your feedback, please write a review, we read all of them and take them seriously!

    Take care
Version 1.5.2 (Jun 12, 2021)
    Dear users,

    With this release, we're fixing a few bugs you reported:
    * Memory issues when browsing very big diaries with many photos.
    * Date picker starting at 01/01/2000 instead of the current date. Now it is also possible to scroll very fast to the currently selected date.


    Thank you very much for using the app.
    If you need anything just write me an email: help.chapps@gmail.com.

    Take care
Version 1.5.1 (Dec 6, 2020)
    Dear users,

    We're introducing a primitive but effective pin-code reset mechanism that should allow us to help you in case you ever get locked out of the app. We'll include a more effective way to recover the pin code in a future version, with most of the improvements you've been asking for!
    We're also adding a few bug fixes for iOS14 too :)

    As usual, thank you very much for using the app.
    If you need anything just write us an email: help.chapps@gmail.com.

    Take care
Version 1.5.0 (Jul 2, 2020)
    Dear users,

    This release includes a few stylistic improvements to the app, to make it a bit more clear to use (and colourful). We fixed a few bugs too, like the one that made scrolling the pages in the Diary to the very end instead of stopping in the current date.
    We’re also introducing a new “Daily quote“ feature to inspire you when creating a new journal page. Let us know if you like it and want us to add more!

    Thank you very much for using the app.
    If you need anything just write me an email: help.chapps@gmail.com.

    Take care
Version 1.4.2 (Jun 12, 2020)
    Dear users,

    I've been fixing a few issues happening when a journal page was deleted, alongside some improvements to the quality of the memeories you add to your journal.

    Thank you very much for using the app.
    If you need anything just write me an email: help.chapps@gmail.com.

    Take care
Version 1.4.1 (Jun 5, 2020)
    Dear users,

    I’ve been polishing the app since the last release. This one includes lots of graphic improvements, a few bug fixes and some improvements to the overall experience too.
    I’ve added a set of default daily prompts to get you started with a nice and robust journaling habit and last but not least, it is now possible to configure the starting day of the week!

    Thank you very much for using the app.
    If you need anything just write me an email: help.chapps@gmail.com.

    Take care
Version 1.4.0 (May 28, 2020)
    Dear users,

    This release brings you a much more refined experience for creating and editing your journal pages. You can now create as many sections as you like for each day, delete and sort them, even edit section titles. You can easily pick the daily questions you want to answer every day and sort them too.
    We’ve also included a few bug fixes and performance optimisations, especially in the management of images.

    As always, thank you very much for using the app. I really appreciate your support!
    If you need anything, you can get in touch at help.chapps@gmail.com.

    Take care
Version 1.3.0 (May 12, 2020)
    Dear users,

    I really hope you’re doing well.

    This release brings you full landscape support for iPad, a brand new and optimised image picker for your memories, lots of performance optimisations, a few bugfixes and a new screen for managing your subscription.

    Thank you again for using the app. If you need anything, you can get in touch at help.chapps@gmail.com.

    Take care
Version 1.2.2 (Nov 12, 2019)
    Dear users,

    This release includes a lot of fixes for the new iOS. I've also introduced some subtle improvements to the app, like the new tab bar options sorting. Overall the app should be now much more stable than before and a bit faster.

    Thank you a lot for using the app! Please, write a review if you can ;)

    Take care!
Version 1.2.1 (Aug 7, 2019)
    Dear users,

    This has been a busy period, but I keep thinking of you. So I've been working on some basic bugfixes and performance improvements. I wonder how many times you've read those buzzwords...

    Thanks for supporting my work and my family. As always, get in touch if you need anything and write a review if you can :)

    Well I guess that's it.
    Take care!
Version 1.2.0 (Jul 11, 2019)
    Howdy, users?
    Here's a pretty big update! We've been listening to your comments and reviews. They were precious, thank you all!
    Main features requested were:
    - Diary personalisation, especially font family, font size and Colors
    - Data backup, so that your data is super safe (without compromises in privacy)

    Guess what? We delivered!
    We back up your data on iCloud. It's encrypted by your device and you can restore it to a new device if you change it for whatever reason! Remember to enable iCloud backup for this to work, since it's all managed by iOS. There's one more implication to this: we don't need to upload your data anywhere! It's all safe and encrypted, with the level of data protection that only Apple is able to guarantee.

    Regarding diary personalisation... Go check that out. We're sure you'll like it, now your diary can be so nice and personal!

    Thanks a lot for using the app.

    PS: Please help us if you can: a review or sharing the app with your friends are both great ways to do so!
Version 1.1.4 (Jun 13, 2019)
    Dear users,

    We hope you're all doing great, reflecting on your daily goals and achievements, getting rid of any anxiety and living the best possible lives.

    Today we're just fixing a few bugs. You may not notice any difference, but this little updates are very important indeed.

    Take care,
    Pippo
Version 1.1.3 (May 30, 2019)
    Dear users,

    We hope you're all doing great, reflecting on your daily goals and achievements, getting rid of any anxiety and living the best possible lives.

    Today we're just fixing a few bugs. You may not notice any difference, but this little updates are very important indeed.

    Take care,
    Pippo
Version 1.1.2 (May 20, 2019)
    Dear users,

    We hope you're all doing great, reflecting on your daily goals and achievements, getting rid of any anxiety and living the best possible lives.

    Today we're just fixing a few bugs. You may not notice any difference, but this little updates are very important indeed.

    Take care,
    Pippo
Version 1.1.1 (Apr 24, 2019)
    Dear users,

    We discovered a bug in the lock feature for iPhone X, when using FaceID authentication. We fixed that. Was a terrible experience to acknowledge some of you may have lost access to the diary this way, we're very sorry. Nonetheless, now it works. Updating the app will be enough to unlock the app again. It will also recover all your memories, unless you deleted the app, which makes us feel even more sorry.

    Thank you for using the app and reading these release notes. We hope you'll enjoy your journaling!

    Have a nice day,
    The A-team
Version 1.1.0 (Apr 4, 2019)
    Dear users,

    Today we are introducing a new, big feature. This is the one feature you have been requesting the most, and we are super happy to announce it: the diary lock!

    You can now lock the diary with a pin code and with biometrics (face ID or touch ID depending on your device). It's easy to setup from the settings section and makes your diary finally secure from any intruder.

    We've also improved the look and feel of the diary, especially for the new iPhones. We're pleased so say it looks awesome.

    Make sure to provide us more feature suggestions: we are eager to improve the app even more. What's the best way to do that? Well, to write a review, of course!

    That's all for today, I'll write something more in a few days. Enjoy the app and be mindful!

    Sincerely,
    me
Version 1.0.1 (Feb 22, 2019)
    Hello writers!

    We've fixed a few nasty bugs with this release and created a new original icon for you. Now opening your diary and writing down your memories will be much fancier!
Version 1.0.0 (Jan 23, 2019)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Diary, Journal, Notes - Diaro
Diary - Private Note With Lock
Journal X: My Diary with Lock
Secret Diary With Passcode
Secret Diary: My Private Notes
Secret Diary : Private Life
Secret Diary With Lock
Diarly: Private Daily Journal
Diary Journal - With Lock
Personal Diary (Journal) App
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Tool
Tool
Apps that add a tool, technology, or functionality to the device, such as ruler, screen mirror, calculator and etc.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
iPhone Market
Not featuredon App Store homepage
1 time
on App Store category pages
Versions

    1.5.5
    Current release
    Feb 13, 2024
    1.5.4
    Dec 2, 2023
    1.5.3
    Jul 16, 2021
    1.5.2
    Jun 12, 2021
    1.5.1
    Dec 6, 2020
    1.5.0
    Jul 2, 2020
    1.4.2
    Jun 12, 2020
    1.4.1
    Jun 5, 2020
    1.4.0
    May 28, 2020
    1.3.0
    May 12, 2020
    1.2.2
    Nov 12, 2019
    1.2.1
    Aug 7, 2019
    1.2.0
    Jul 11, 2019
    1.1.4
    Jun 13, 2019
    1.1.3
    May 30, 2019
    1.1.2
    May 20, 2019
    1.1.1
    Apr 24, 2019
    1.1.0
    Apr 4, 2019
    1.0.1
    Feb 22, 2019
    1.0.0
    Jan 23, 2019

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Journal - Monthly Subscription
    $3.99
    Journal - Weekly Subscription
    $0.99
    My personal daily diary 4life
    $29.99
    Journal - Yearly Subscription
    $19.99
    Diary weekly
    $0.99
    Diary yearly NT
    $19.99
    Diary yearly 2WT
    $19.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Lifestyle

Initial Release Date
    Jan 23, 2019

Worldwide Release Date
    Jan 25, 2019

Last Updated Time
    Feb 24, 2024

Version
    1.5.5

Size
    18.78 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    Alain caltieri

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 15.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.alaincaltieri.Journaling

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Support Url

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1447344390

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Diary · | data.ai
