Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Idealis CBT Thought Mood Diary
Geberich OUHealth and Fitness (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Geberich OU

    Idealis CBT Thought Mood Diary
    Idealis CBT Thought Mood Diary

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Idealis CBT Thought Mood Diary
Help Diary: Mood Symptom Pain
Health and Fitness (Applications)
Free
iPhone Only
App Description
Idealis is a simple physical and mental health tracker that allows you to improve your mental and physical well-being and take care of yourself.

EVERYTHING YOU NEED IN A SINGLE APP

Monitor your mood, symptoms, set medication reminders and more. Acquire new habits and complete healthy tasks. Just a few minutes a day to track your progress and find out what's really affecting your well-being.

You'll have more control over your health, more tools for personal growth, statistics and insights for your well-being. Keep track of everything you need with Idealis.

HOW IDEALIS WORKS

- Each day, in just a few clicks, note your mood, your emotions, your productivity, how much sleep you've had, your motivation and any symptoms;
- Reflect by answering specific questions and receive motivational quotes;
- Acquire healthy habits with simple daily tasks;
- Track your progress and find out what influences your health and mood.

DISCOVER THE SECRETS OF YOUR HEALTH

Keep track of your well-being in just a few clicks every day and we'll help you understand which activities are positively or negatively affecting your physical and psychological health.

You can view your data in graphs, charts and calendars, but, at the same time, you will not necessarily have to: our algorithm analyzes the data independently to report changes and new trends.

BE MOTIVATED

In Idealis we use an incentive system so that everyone can enjoy control of their health. Complete the tasks to grow the Forest of Health. The tree grows every day, and it will depend on you how big and beautiful it will grow.

AN APP TO IMPROVE YOUR LIFE FROM ALL POINTS OF VIEW

Want to increase your productivity, get sick less or lose weight? You'll find ready-made tasks you can do in minutes every day to achieve your goals.

Idealis is definitely the right app for you if:

+ you want to find out what makes you feel better or worse.
+ you want to acquire healthy habits.
+ you want to increase awareness and motivation for personal growth.
+ you want to monitor your symptoms and show the data to your doctor.
+ you don't want to forget to take your pills.

IMPROVE YOUR SELF-AWARENESS AND ACHIEVE YOUR INNER PEACE

Keep a daily journal of your emotions and state of mind with prepared questions for reflection and introspection. Get helpful quotes for motivation and your personal growth.

In the morning, wake-up breathing exercises to prepare for the workday. In the evening, relaxing breathing exercises to help you sleep better.

ONLY USE THE TOOLS YOU NEED

- A journal of emotions, moods, and psychological health with tips for introspection.
- Habit acquisition with helpful recommendations and ready-made tasks.
- Symptom recording and analysis of influencing factors.
- Convenient statistics and automatic data analysis for templates.
- Customizable reminders for medications and tasks.

PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING AND PRIVACY

The data you submit into the app is stored on your phone and is only available to you.
Privacy policy: https://ver-us.com/en/growapp/privacy-policy.html
License agreement: https://ver-us.com/en/growapp/eula.html

CONTACT US

We are listening carefully to the community to improve Idealis and make it more practical and accessible for everyone.

If you have any questions, feedback or suggestions, please send them to growapp@ver-us.com
Reviews are always welcome.
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.73
Total Displayed Ratings
41

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 1.7.2 (Oct 4, 2023)
    - fixed minor bugs;
    - increased app performance;
Version 1.7.1 (Sep 25, 2023)
    - fixed minor bugs;
    - increased app performance;
Version 1.7.0 (Jun 15, 2022)
    - we listened to your feedback, and increased app performance.
    - fixed minor bugs.
Version 1.6.11 (May 5, 2022)
    - fixed minor bugs;
    - increased app performance;
Version 1.6.10 (Feb 15, 2022)
    Thank you to everyone who wrote us bug reports and suggested improvements. We decided that we would start the new year by fixing all the bugs we found, and we did! Major changes:
    - Added a to-do animation, now completed tasks remain on the home screen throughout the day.
    - Fixed errors with deleting and editing habits and reminders.
    - Corrected incorrect data in habit and journey statistics.
Version 1.5.20 (Dec 27, 2021)
    The New Year is a great time to set yourself ambitious goals and take the first steps towards achieving them. Analyse your feelings and thoughts every day. This will help you realise yourself, understand what you want to achieve and how to achieve it. Become the best version of yourself in the new year!

    The limited subscription offer is over, but we have added discounts and a trial period of up to 14 days. We've also fixed a bug that prevented you from skipping the rating dialog box, improved the display of text insights and fixed a few other minor bugs.
Version 1.5.0 (Nov 30, 2021)
    Meet the new feature: Insights. It is an automatic analysis of your mood, emotions and daily activities patterns.
    With Insights, you'll learn more about what's affecting your well-being so you can overcome negative factors and reinforce positive ones.
Version 1.4.36 (Nov 2, 2021)
    To get rid of bad habits more easily, replace them with other activities, such as healthy habits. Start small and you'll soon achieve your goals.

    We're actively working on the new functionality, and in the meantime we're releasing this small update with fixes and optimizations. Thanks for your feedback!
    Main changes:
    - Fixed a bug with the date update in the app
    - Increased the maximum possible number of minutes for habits
    - Made a smoother animation of the completion of a breathing exercise
    - Improved text, now words are declined based on numbers
Version 1.4.28 (Oct 8, 2021)
    Just a minor update to fix a few bugs with push notifications and improve text visibility on small-screen phones.
    Set up custom push notifications at your preferred time in the settings.
Version 1.4.18 (Sep 27, 2021)
    Feeling stressed? Take a moment to reflect, analyze your feelings, and do a relaxing breathing exercise. Take small steps every day and you'll feel better soon. We will help you become calmer and more confident.

    Major changes:
    - We have added more quotes and corrected their appearance - bulk quotes are now fully visible.
    - We have fixed a bug that was preventing you from adding a reminder to an active habits.
    - Added a preview video to the app page.
Version 1.4 (Sep 14, 2021)
    Start small to reach your goal. Take 20 minutes a day for self-reflection, and you'll forget about anxiety and worries. Idealis helps with guiding questions and quotes for reflection. Idealis will help you with a guided journal and quotes for reflection.
    - In this version, we've changed the quote selection system, so they are almost never repeat.

    Add reminders to never miss important medications and supplements.
    - We've improved push notifications and fixed bugs in the reminder settings.
Version 1.3.14 (Aug 19, 2021)
    We fixed a few bugs in this minor update. Now the Quest History screen works better.
    We wanted to use this space to remind you that good health improves the quality of life. Take care of your health, be kind to yourself and your loved ones.
Version 1.3 (Aug 15, 2021)
    Motivation is the key to forming healthy habits. That's why we work to make the app more enjoyable and convenient, to give you more motivation for improving your health and well-being.

    In this update we made mood notes even more interesting by improving morning and evening Quests. We also added a history of the mood for 7 days and improved animation of the Health Tree.
    And of course we improved performance and fixed some minor bugs.
Version 1.2 (Aug 2, 2021)
    We've made a lot of changes to make the app more user-friendly and faster. Now it's even easier to take care of your health.

    Main changes:
    - Push notifications now remind you only of the most important things of your choice
    - Statistics are now more clear-cut
    - Auto-analysis takes more parameters to give more insights
    - Display and animation of breathing exercises is now even better

    Also, tutorials for new users are now easier and cover only the most important features.
Version 1.1 (Jul 16, 2021)
    We improved the breathing exercise by adding sounds and vibrations and improved the activation of the journey.
    We also made fixes such as:
    - Animation optimization so there are no glitches;
    - Fixes to display everything correctly on any phone;
    - Fixes for displaying data in statistics.

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Mintalitea: Mental Health CBT
CBT Helper: anxiety, PA, OCD
Mental health & emotions diary
MindHealth: CBT Thought Diary
Diary: CBT Notes
Mind Set Go: personal growth+
Pandy: Diary, Journal, Mood
Qualia
CBT Diary
CopingCard CBT Mental Health
IQ Classifications
Genre: Health & Fitness
Subgenre: Telehealth
Telehealth
Apps that offer remote clinical service including medical scheduling, medical consultation, and prescription management.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    1.7.2
    Current release
    Oct 4, 2023
    1.7.1
    Sep 25, 2023
    1.7.0
    Jun 15, 2022
    1.6.11
    May 5, 2022
    1.6.10
    Feb 15, 2022
    1.5.20
    Dec 27, 2021
    1.5.0
    Nov 30, 2021
    1.4.36
    Nov 2, 2021
    1.4.28
    Oct 8, 2021
    1.4.18
    Sep 27, 2021
    1.4
    Sep 14, 2021
    1.3.14
    Aug 19, 2021
    1.3
    Aug 15, 2021
    1.2
    Aug 2, 2021
    1.1
    Jul 16, 2021

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Monthly Premium Subscripton
    $3.99
    Lifetime Premium
    $89.99
    Annual Premium Subscription
    $26.99
    Annual Premium subscription
    $11.99
    1 month Premium subscription
    $4.99
    3 month Premium subscription
    $12.99
    Annual Premium subscription
    $21.99
    Lifetime Premium
    $13.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, Other iOS Device

Category
    Health and Fitness

Initial Release Date
    Jul 7, 2021

Worldwide Release Date
    Jul 7, 2021

Last Updated Time
    Feb 19, 2024

Version
    1.7.2

Size
    85.64 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English, German, Italian, Russian

Seller
    Geberich OU

Content Rating
    Rated 12+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.ver-us.wellness

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1568268971

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Idealis CBT Thought Mood Diary | data.ai
				
				
				
				
				
	