Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Makino – Guided AI Journal
Lazain WeeratungaHealth and Fitness (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Lazain Weeratunga

    Makino – Guided AI Journal
    Makino – Guided AI Journal

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Makino – Guided AI Journal
Daily journaling & self-care
Health and Fitness (Applications)
Free
iPhone Only
App Promotional Text
JOURNAL WITH 6 QUESTIONS DAILY FROM AI TO REFLECT AND GROW.
App Description
● Super-personalized guided journaling with cutting-edge AI.
● Let AI get to know you then journal with 6 daily questions from AI.


Makino is a cutting-edge AI guided journaling app for self-care, introspection, and growth.

Our AI guided journaling app gives a unique and personalized journaling experience that empowers you to connect with yourself daily, reflect, set goals, and embark on a journey of self-improvement.


With a range of AI prompted journal features designed to cater to individual needs, Makino is set to revolutionize the way you journal.


■ REFLECT IN YOUR SELF-CARE JOURNAL DAILY WITH 6 QUESTIONS
Makino allows users to journal daily with the guidance of cutting-edge AI. Whether you're a seasoned journaler or new to the practice, the introspect and self-care journal app is designed to help you make the most out of your journaling experience. By leveraging artificial intelligence, Makino adapts to your unique preferences and needs. Keeping a self-reflection journal is much easier and more personalized with our AI diary journal.



■ “GETTING TO KNOW YOU” CHALLENGE
Before diving into your journaling journey, you need to complete the "Getting to Know You Challenge." It’s all about introspection and answering AI-generated questions about yourself. Think of it as the first meeting with a friendly AI therapist, where you share your thoughts, feelings, and aspirations.



■ ANSWER AT YOUR OWN PACE OR SKIP QUESTIONS
Go through the journal questions at your own pace, answering or skipping whichever questions you prefer. No two individuals are the same, and our journaling app respects that by tailoring the process to your preferences.



■ DAILY REFLECT SESSIONS
Once you've completed the "Getting to Know You" phase, start with the daily guided journaling sessions known as "Guided Reflection." These daily life journal sessions are highly personalized, ensuring that the questions asked by the AI are different for each individual. With six questions in each session, you'll explore various aspects of your life, thoughts, and emotions.



■ PERSONALIZED PROMPT DIARY QUESTIONS DAILY
Makino AI generates a brand new set of questions each day. This dynamic approach keeps your journaling experience fresh and engaging. You can also skip any questions you like, allowing you to focus on what truly matters to you.



■ FEEDBACK FOR GROWTH
At the end of each introspection and journaling session, our daily free journal app provides valuable feedback. This feedback not only reinforces your commitment to self-improvement but also helps you track your progress over time.



■ VIEW ALL JOURNALING ENTRIES
Makino also offers cloud storage for all your journals. This feature serves as a digital record of your journey, making it easy to reflect on your growth and experiences over time.



■ SELF-CARE, GOAL SETTING, AND INTROSPECT CHALLENGES
Beyond daily journaling and reflection, our introspect and daily reflection app goes a step further by offering self-care, goal-setting, and introspection challenges. These challenges are available after users complete the "Getting to Know You" session, providing additional opportunities for personal growth and development.



■ MAKINO AI GUIDED JOURNALING APP FEATURES:
● journal daily with the guidance of cutting-edge AI
● personalized feedback based on your answers and entries
● supports both audio and text journaling

Read our EULA here: https://sites.google.com/view/makinotermsandconditions


Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
N/A
Total Displayed Ratings
N/A

No data is available.
Pie chart with 3 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
No data is available.
See More
What's New

Version 1.0.24 (Feb 18, 2024)
    UI Updates.
    Journals now feature automatic mood tracking and provide key insights based on user feedback.
    Journals are now scored with a score out of 100 points, which contributes to levelling up within the app.
Version 1.0.20 (Jan 26, 2024)
    You can now protect your journal from prying eyes with a simple password.
Version 1.0.19 (Jan 15, 2024)
    Bug Fix
Version 1.0.18 (Jan 14, 2024)
    Bug Fix
Version 1.0.17 (Jan 8, 2024)
    Slight improvements

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Zen Talk - Personal Life Coach
NeckTimer
Self Sport - Lifestyle Tracker
parlaAI Journal: Your AI Diary
podberry: Anxiety Depression
SELFIGA: Self Care & Self-Love
My Pine - Mental Health Buddy
Magus: Subliminal Audio
Sex Therapist | AI
Natasha Adamo
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    1.0.24
    Current release
    Feb 18, 2024
    1.0.20
    Jan 26, 2024
    1.0.19
    Jan 15, 2024
    1.0.18
    Jan 14, 2024
    1.0.17
    Jan 8, 2024

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Makino - Annual
    $59.99
    Makino - Monthly
    $6.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, Other iOS Device

Category
    Health and Fitness

Initial Release Date
    Jan 3, 2024

Worldwide Release Date
    Jan 3, 2024

Last Updated Time
    Feb 21, 2024

Version
    1.0.24

Size
    77.77 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    Lazain Weeratunga

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 12.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.makinoapp.makino

Has Game Center
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 6471383155

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Makino – Guided AI Journal | data.ai
