Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Mood Tracker Gratitude Journal
Playwords GamesHealth and Fitness (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Mood Tracker Gratitude Journal
    Mood Tracker Gratitude Journal

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Mood Tracker Gratitude Journal
Self Care & Daily Stoic Diary
Health and Fitness (Applications)
Free
App Promotional Text
8687f7399b
App Description
Goaljournal - Guided Gratitude Journal, Mood Tracker For Daily Motivation
GoalJournal is an app for goal-setting, mindfulness, and gratitude. It helps you to stay focused on your goals, track your moods, change your behaviors and track your daily gratitude journal. The GoalJournal app has an easy-to-use guided journal, affirmations, and gratitude journal.

You can use GoalJournal - Guided Gratitude Journal, Mood Tracker For Daily Motivation to track your moods and emotions as well as your daily goals and behaviors. It is a journal to stay focused on your goals and mental health.

Benefits of GoalJournal
You can also use GoalJournal - Guided Gratitude Journal, Mood Tracker For Daily Motivation to set a BIG goal that you really want and into smaller, achievable goals, and then achieving each goal in a series of daily tasks. 
Write down your biggest goal with the intention to reprogram your subconscious mind, it will make you live more positively and have more motivation for your daily task.

Here are some benefits of using the goal journal:
- a positive mindset to stay focused on your goals
- to improve your life, to live a more meaningful life
- to feel more motivated, to feel more confident
- to improve your relationships, to feel more loved
- to improve your self-esteem, to be more confident
- to increase your positivity, to live a more joyful life

GoalJournal is a personalized journal for productivity, happiness, and well-being. The GoalJournal is a journal that's designed to help you achieve more, be happier, and feel more fulfilled. This guided journal is based on proven positive psychology research, and the best productivity methods, it helps you focus on the essentials and the most meaningful things in life.

Features

Goal Journal App for Motivation and Goal Setting
- Unique and Intuitive Gratitude Journaling Experience reprogram your subconscious mind - pick a goal write it down every day and track your progress in a daily gratitude journal

Guided Gratitude Journal for a daily mood boost
- Gratitude is the foundation of happiness. The goal of our work is to help you cultivate more gratitude and happiness in your life. When you are grateful, you will be more optimistic, motivated, and happy.

Active Questions for lasting behavioral changes
- The active questions focus on what you can do to make a positive difference in the world rather than what the world can do to make a positive difference for you.
- In order to change, you need to ask the right questions.
- The act of trying is triggered when a question starts with the same phrase: "Did I do my best to...

Ancient Stoic technique for mental health training
- Being at peace with yourself and your decisions is one of the best things that can happen to you. It is also an interesting way to end the day. Similar to the ancient Stoics and Roman Emperors, you will end your day with these questions:
1 What did you do well?
2 What did you do badly?
3 What could I do better next time?

Mood Tracker as Emotions Journal
- Use the daily mood tracker to check your mood and improve your happiness level and know how to improve your mood.

Download GoalJournal - Guided Gratitude Journal now and focus on the positive, become more mindful, and live a purposeful life with intention and positivity!

GoalJournal Premium subscription plans:
• Monthly: $2.99
• Annual: $29.99
Payments and Renewal:
• Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
• Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period.
• You can manage or turn off auto-renew in your Account settings at any time after purchase
• No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during the active period.
Terms of use: https://linke.to/TermsofService

Privacy policy: https://linke.to/PrivacyPolicy
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
N/A
Total Displayed Ratings
N/A

No data is available.
Pie chart with 3 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
No data is available.
See More
What's New

Version 1.2.1 (Aug 29, 2023)
    We updated GoalJournal in order to make your journaling experience better. We polished a few things, fixed bugs, and made some performance improvements.
Version 1.2.0 (Aug 19, 2023)
    We updated GoalJournal in order to make your journaling experience better. We polished a few things, fixed bugs, and made a LOT of performance improvements.
Version 1.1.0 (Feb 6, 2023)
    We updated GoalJournal in order to make your journaling experience better. We polished a few things, fixed bugs, and made performance improvements.
Version 1.09 (Jan 22, 2023)
    We updated GoalJournal in order to make your journaling experience better. We polished a few things, fixed bugs and made performance improvements.
Version 1.08 (Nov 6, 2022)
    This release of Five Minute Journal - GoalJournal - Self-Care App, Daily Motivation, Gratitude Journal, Mood Tracker contains the following:
    New features:
    - Calendar and streak view
    - Ability to add hint text during the journaling process
    - Lifetime Membership
    - Completely new design - glass effect, new creatives a font for better reading experience on small devices
    - New Icon
    - Siver app bars to save screen space
    - Ability to hide the explanation section during the journaling process
    Bug fixes:
    - Unable to update the night entry sometimes now fixed
    - Improved the performance when opening the app
    - and lots of other small fixes
Version 1.07 (Aug 25, 2022)
    Thank you for using GoalJournal, here is what changed:
    New feature:
    - We added the ability to filter your data by your mood
    Bug fixes and improvements:
    - Integrated the app to NullSafety - It improves stability a lot
    - Improved the Database Safety Ruels - your data only belongs to you
    - Fixed some UI bug and overlay
    - Fixed a bug where the notification text could not be changed without changing the time. Now it is working properly
    - Chenged the Apricot color to Mango Tango in the whole app, so the app looks more bright now.
    - Fixed some bugs on the onboarding page


    We are currently working on many new features and will implement more languages soon.

    We started a telegram group chat, join us with the link below:
    https://t.me/GoalJournalChat
Version 1.06 (Jun 26, 2022)
    We used your local timezone for the reminders and now we replaced it and we will use the device time, so if you travel you will receive the notifications based on the device time.

    ACTION REQUIRED:
    - If you used the old version of the app (1.05 or below) you should save the reminders again: go to settings -» reminders -» and save the reminders again
Version 1.05 (Jun 22, 2022)
    This release of GoalJournal - Guided Gratitude Journal, Mood Tracker For Daily Motivation contains the following:
    - Added ability to edit entries (Long Press or slide left)
    - Polished a few things to make your Goaljournal experience better
Version 1.04 (Jun 11, 2022)
    Bug Fixes and improvements
Version 1.03 (May 8, 2022)
    - Added autofocus on every page where you have to write for a lot smoother user experience.
    - UI improvements
Version 1.02 (Apr 23, 2022)
    Minor bug fixes and improvements
Version 1.01 (Apr 16, 2022)
    Bug fixes and improvements
Version 1.0 (Apr 12, 2022)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Zea: Diary & Gratitude Journal
Stoic Day
Grati: Gratitude Journal
Stoic Nature
Three Things Daily
Memento Mori: The Stoic Way
One a Day - Gratitude Journal
The Good List: Guided Journal
MoodSnap mood diary
Dream Dictionary & Journal
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Calendar & Reminders
Calendar & Reminders
Apps that can be used as a calendar or reminder so that users would not forget their schedules.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    1.2.1
    Current release
    Aug 29, 2023
    1.2.0
    Aug 19, 2023
    1.1.0
    Feb 6, 2023
    1.09
    Jan 22, 2023
    1.08
    Nov 6, 2022
    1.07
    Aug 25, 2022
    1.06
    Jun 26, 2022
    1.05
    Jun 22, 2022
    1.04
    Jun 11, 2022
    1.03
    May 8, 2022
    1.02
    Apr 23, 2022
    1.01
    Apr 16, 2022
    1.0
    Apr 12, 2022

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    GoalJournal Premium
    $54.99
    GoalJournal Premium
    $4.99
    GoalJournal Premium Early Bird
    $1.99
    GoalJournal Premium Early Bird
    $28.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Health and Fitness

Initial Release Date
    Apr 12, 2022

Worldwide Release Date
    Apr 12, 2022

Last Updated Time
    Feb 22, 2024

Version
    1.2.1

Size
    88.63 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    Janos Kiss

Company HQ
    Hungary

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 13.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.goaljournal.journal.goal.gratitude.mood.tracker

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1608883129

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Mood Tracker Gratitude Journal | data.ai
