Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Moodboard Stimmungstagebuch
mindmeHealth and Fitness (Applications)Free
Alerts

    mindme

    Moodboard Stimmungstagebuch
    Moodboard Stimmungstagebuch

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Moodboard Stimmungstagebuch
Das Stimmungstagebuch für dich
Health and Fitness (Applications)
Free
iPhone Only
App Description
The mood board mood diary as a practical app for everyday life

The mood board mood diary is an effective tool to help you better understand your emotions, thoughts, and reactions. It makes it possible to recognize mood patterns, identify positive and negative triggers, and promote self-reflection. With just a few clicks, you can quickly and easily capture your moods in everyday life with Moodboard. This app is a valuable companion for your emotional health.
The mood board mood diary is published by mindme, a brand of the non-profit MindMe Therapievermittlung gGmbH. We are committed to promoting mental health with this society. Among other things, it also involves developing and further developing software such as the mood board mood diary.

But now back to the app: Why should you track your mood?
• Awareness: By capturing your mood, you gain a deeper awareness of your feelings and emotions. You recognize patterns and connections that help you understand yourself better.
• Trigger identification: The app allows you to capture triggers that affect your mood. This will help you determine which situations, people, or activities bring you joy or cause stress. This knowledge will help you manage your reactions and improve your quality of life.
• Detect changes: By regularly tracking your moods, you can identify changes over time. You can determine if your mood is improving or deteriorating and, if necessary, take action to bring about positive changes.
• Self-reflection: The mood diary offers space for personal notes and reflections. You can record your thoughts and feelings, which helps you promote your emotional growth. Self-reflection allows you to review your goals and values and focus on your own development.
• Capture positive moments: The mood diary encourages you to capture positive moments and experiences. By consciously capturing happy moments, you strengthen your well-being and can remember these positive experiences at any time.

The mood diary app offers a user-friendly interface and simple features to capture your mood quickly and easily. You can use Moodboard to get a comprehensive picture of your mood swings and learn how to deal with them better in the future.

In addition, the app offers useful analytics features that allow you to visualize your data. Charts and graphs show you your sentiment trends over time, making it easier for you to see patterns and connections. These insights can help you improve your emotional health and take targeted actions to manage stress or increase your well-being.

The mood diary as an app allows you to get a grip on your feelings and emotions, understand your mental patterns and promote your emotional well-being. By capturing and reflecting on your moods, you can take active steps to make your life positive and get to know yourself better.

Download the mood board mood diary from mindme now and start recording your moods and feelings.
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.29
Total Displayed Ratings
7

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 1.0.1 (Oct 6, 2023)
    Neu in der Version 1.0.1: Von jetzt an wird die App auch in englischer Sprache unterstützt :-) 
Version 1.0 (Jul 3, 2023)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
MoodSnap mood diary
Mindable: Soziale Phobie
VOY
biotys
Me: Self-reflection for growth
Hyperakusis Compass
Mattenplatz
Dr. Selz App
JETZT und HIER
Helpcity: Füreinander stark
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    1.0.1
    Current release
    Oct 6, 2023
    1.0
    Jul 3, 2023

See More
About

Required Devices
    iPhone

Category
    Health and Fitness

Initial Release Date
    Jul 3, 2023

Worldwide Release Date
    Oct 3, 2023

Last Updated Time
    Feb 26, 2024

Version
    1.0.1

Size
    2.89 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    Deutsch, Englisch

Seller
    MindMe Therapievermittlung gGmbH

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Erfordert iOS 16.0 oder neuer. Kompatibel mit iPhone, iPad und iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    de.mindme.Moodboard

Has Game Center
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 6450863231

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Moodboard Stimmungstagebuch | data.ai
