Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Simple DBT Skills Diary Card
Pop! Pop!Health and Fitness (Applications)Free
Alerts

Simple Dbt Skills Diary Card
Simple DBT Skills Diary Card
Simple DBT Skills Diary Card
Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Simple DBT Skills Diary Card
The Original Diary Card App
Health and Fitness (Applications)
Free
App Description
"I've tried other DBT apps and none of them come close to this one. It's a real life saver... literally!"
"I'm so glad to see someone help people who does DBT. VERY VERY good app."

Dialectical Behavior Therapy Skills are a must, not just for people who have BPD (Borderline Personality Disorder), but for just about anyone living in this world alongside others.

Are they necessary skills? No. Could anyone benefit from them? Yes.

DBT Skills Groups are booked out weeks and often times months in advance. This means that if you want to get in one, you may be waiting for a long long time, especially if NOW is when you need help.

DBT Skills Groups focus on SKILLS. This means that practicing the skills is much more important than anything else. And luckily, once you learn the skills, you will retain them for the rest of your life!

If you are practicing DBT Skills and want a Diary Card, this app is great for you since it has the following:
• A Calendar to add a Daily Diary Card with 28 DBT skills.
• Descriptions of each skill if you forget
• Examples of each skill
• Premium Users have access to 28 Original Videos for the 28 DBT Skills.
• Statistical information based on 1 day, 7 days, 28 days, or ALL records. That way if you are in a weekly DBT class, you can easily see which skills you have been focusing on, and which you have been missing.
• A Notification reminder that you can set to remind you daily at a specific time to do your DBT Skills Diary Card.
• Beautiful photos and artwork along with a backdrop that changes based on what season we are in (Summer, Autumn, Winter, Spring).
• Add your own music to the DBT Skills Diary Card to make the experience more enjoyable.
• Full Version Users: You can now send PDF files with your diary card stats + notes via email, or print to your AirPrint printer straight from within the app. Email your therapist/counselor with just a few taps in an easy to read and print format!
• As part of our series of DBT apps, your progress will be saved between apps as well, so you'll have access to all your data no matter which DBT app you are in.
• Earn Messages Stickers as you progress. Send them to friends via a text!
• Unlock more than 1 type of Diary Card so you can continue doing your daily card in a format that fits your lifestyle!
• Want to track extra information? Though DBT classes don't require it, you can add custom tracking data for each Daily Diary Card entry. Of course, since this is optional, you simply need to toggle it on to start tracking right away.
a) Track Anxiety and Depression using a modified K10 test.
b) Track Target Behaviors and your response to them.
c) Track Emotions to see your range and average mood over time.

This is the most enjoyable DBT Skills Diary Card in the App Store! Download it today!

* Note that this app can integrate with the Health App by adding 'Mindful Minutes' when you complete Diary Card entries. This is optional and giving permission will not affect your ability to use this app.
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.26
Total Displayed Ratings
225

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 4.8 (May 6, 2021)
    v4.8
    • Added a new free tool: Chain Behavior Analysis. Therapists can view/comment on their clients progress online as well.
    • Fixed some of the image selection code
    • Updated some third party tools
Version 4.7 (Mar 9, 2021)
    v4.7
    • Updated the way in which crashes and bug reports are handled
Version 4.6 (Mar 5, 2021)
    v4.6
    • Fixed a bug that wouldn't save Therapist Settings once you closed and reopened the app.
    • Fixed the email PDF button (wasn't attaching the PDF after generating it)
    • Added icons to some of the buttons
    • Disabled the toggle switch in the Target Behavior Module
    • Added 'Mindful Minutes' to Integrate with the Health App
Version 4.4 (Feb 17, 2021)
    v4.4
    • Fixing a bug that made minimizing the app switch certain text components to 'Dark Mode'.
    • Added the ability to mark off (on a 1-5 scale) how successful you were for the day in doing your DBT cards (Simple Diary Card Format only). Data on your success rate are within the 'Charts' bar chart section.
Version 4.2 (Feb 10, 2021)
    v4.2 Thank you for continuing to use our app! Here's what the newest version includes:
    • Improved much of the UI to use a more modern look
    • Updated some of our third party libraries which should improve performance in certain areas.
    • The Target Behavior Module now has a horizontally scrollable header so you can more easily work with multiple buttons (Working with 3-5 Target Behaviors was no problem, but once you started adding more and more, the buttons starts disappearing). Thank you to Brandy for help in identifying this problem :)
    • Improved Developer email template.
    • Fixed the Therapist Settings page. Updating your settings wasn't working always. Thank you DeAnna for letting me know about this!
    • Experimental Therapist Website created which can be used by Therapists to track their client(s)' diary card entries. Details are in the Help section.
Version 4.1 (Oct 23, 2019)
    v4.1 Thank you for continuing to use our app! Here's what the newest version includes:
    • Fixed a bug where the app would sometimes crash when upgrading from the Free Version to the Premium Version.
    • Fixed a bug where if you owned our 'Tools' apps, but didn't upgrade to the Diary Card Premium Version, you couldn't watch the Premium Videos for the accompanying Tools App during a Diary Card. Thanks Cynthia!
    • Added a 'Purchases' section which will allow you to upgrade to the full version of the Diary Card and Quiz apps (if you are currently in them), as well as showing you which purchases you've made, and which ones are still available.
    • Fixed some of the 'Share' features which crashed the app in the past. Thanks Katrina!
    • A bit of refactoring.
Version 4.0 (Sep 18, 2019)
    v4.0 Huge Update! You can now create an online account on our new server! It's brand new, so doesn't have everything we'd like implemented, but here's what you can do now:
    • Create an account and login/out on different devices (limited syncing capability currently).
    • Backup your data
    • See new statistics based on the DBT Community that is updated daily
    • Access to a new forum for our users to talk with one another.

    Other content:
    • New "First Diary Card" video and videos section to consolidate our videos
    • New 'Instructional' section which shows all of the skills and an overview, without needing to open a Diary Card first.
    • Improved Tutorial (no longer plays music, allows you to turn on/off optional modules)
    • Improved Diary Card Help Section (shows our new First Diary Card video)
    • You can now change the background image of the Home Screen and Classic Diary Card from the App Settings Page.
    • Enhancements to the keyboard in many areas (some inputs didn't automatically capitalize sentences, and some buttons couldn't be tapped before dismissing the keyboard first).
Version 3.09 (Apr 6, 2019)
    v3.09
    • Fixed some Tracking Tool bugs for the iPhone 6. Thanks LeAnne and Jessica!
Version 3.08 (Mar 12, 2019)
    v3.08
    • Premium Users now have access to 28 Original Videos (one for each DBT skill). These can be accessed while in a Diary Card. Just look at the Description page and a video will load (provided you have access to the internet).
Version 3.07 (Feb 17, 2019)
    v3.07
    • Fixed some bugs with the Target Behavior Module. Thanks Bethany!
Version 3.06 (Jan 30, 2019)
    v3.06
    • Added a new Add-On Module: Emotion Tracker.
Version 3.05 (Jan 16, 2019)
    v3.05
    • The Target Behavior Add-On now allows you to track the number of times you have a specific urge along with the number of times you act on that urge. This data is included in your Stats, Log, and PDF generation.
Version 3.04 (Jan 5, 2019)
    v3.04
    • Fixed a bug that would sometimes create duplicate Diary Card entries.
    • The Target Behavior Add-On now shows differences in emotions between before and after your experience with Target Behavior, giving you better feedback to verify if and how much your emotional levels changed.
    • The Target Behavior Add-On now allows you to track multiple Target Behaviors by name (you can add as many as you want to track!)
    • Add-Ons now show up in your Statistics page and in PDF generation!
    • Fixed a few buttons that looked Disabled, but were still tappable.
    • Improved the Classic Diary Card bubble animation to be more fluid and quicker.
Version 3.03 (Sep 5, 2018)
    • Fixed a bug that would sometimes make the app crash and text overlap if you had Bug Reports turned on. Thanks Robyn!
    • Improved Bug Reporting to include more more basic information about your device, iOS version, etc...
    • Fixed the 'Bug Reports' module so it'll move out of the way of the keyboard in most cases and removed the occasional crash.
    • Added 2 new optional Daily Diary Card features. By default, they are off as they are not directly part of doing a Diary Card. But for those who do want to keep track of extra data, you can now keep track of your Target Behavior as well as Anxiety and Depression levels. Whether this is for yourself, or for a mental health counselor, you'll have the option of adding this to your daily routine.
Version 3.02 (Jul 19, 2018)
    • Added Quick Notes to the Main Menu. You can use this to quickly add notes whenever you want, whether it be for keeping track of your DBT homework assignments, or anything else.
    • A new Switch has been added to the 'Generate Reports' section that allows you to add your Quick Notes as the body of your email if you choose to use Email as the way you export.
    • Now, when there is a new version of the app, there will be a small notification from the Menu. You can use this to quickly see release notes and update your app as soon as it becomes available. This means less bugs and more features!
    • Improved 'Email Developer' information added to better help debug issues.
    • Fixed an issue where the 'Notes' widget at the bottom of the Congrats Screen would sometimes not slide up when the keyboard slides into view.
Version 3.01 (Jul 15, 2018)
    • Fixed a bug where we left the app in Developer Mode so any new data wasn't being saved! Sorry about that!
    • Fixed a bug that would crash the app when you tap the Notes section after doing a new Diary Card. Thank you Lynne!
Version 3.0 (Jul 14, 2018)
    It's been a long while since our last update, but the most recent version has a ton of new features and has been rebuilt from the ground up!

    New Features for Everyone
    -------------------------
    • Instead of just working on a card day by day, we included a Calendar for you to do your Diary Card for. This gives you not only easy access to doing a Diary Card for a day you missed, but also quickly recap how you're doing from the Home Screen.
    • 2 New Diary Cards (That makes 3!). Unlock the 2 new versions as you progress.
    • Stickers! Send DBT Skill stickers to your friends through Messages.
    • Stats, Stats, lots of stats! This app integrates with our other DBT apps as well, so you can easily see your DBT progress not only in this app, but others as well!
    • A Brand-New interface with familiar modules.
    • Want to try some of our other apps? We've included demo modules from our other apps. And if you use one of our tools and decide to purchase it later, any progress you made from the demos will made accessible as well.

    New Features for Premium Users
    ------------------------------
    • Better support for PDF generation. Share your stats with your Therapist, or print it out for yourself. Want charts? We got charts.
    • As you know, Premium Users get access to their full history, which makes the Calendar that more powerful. Easily see your daily, weekly, and monthly progress as soon as you open the app.

    New Unseen Features for this, and all our DBT Apps
    --------------------------------------------------
    • Internationalized... so expect new languages being integrated.
    • Cross-Platform support. So if you switch platforms, your progress can be transferred over as well.
    • Greatly improve developer experience. We've rewritten this app and our other apps from the ground up, so adding new content is much easier than before. This means that it'll be easier to make bug fixes and add new content than ever before.
    • Automated Build System. So instead of it taking an hour or two to upload to the App Store, it'll be a few keystrokes and grabbing a coffee while the computer does all the work of uploading a new version. So in the past, we would hold off of making updates if there were just small changes that needed to be made because it seemed like a waste of time to spend an hour or two just for something as simple as a typo fix. Since the build system is automated, expect quicker and more regular updates.

    Thank you to everyone who has supported us in the development of these DBT apps!
Version 2.5 (Mar 6, 2018)
    - Fixing issues concerning Notifications & PDF Generation
    - Still working on a Completely New Version of this app which will vastly improve this app. Purchase the Full Version before it goes up in price!
Version 2.4 (Jun 2, 2017)
    Fixed some bugs concerning:
    - Music Player for Premium Users
    - Being able to switch between other DBT apps
    - Fixed the Buy button so it works again.

    Also removed some features:
    - Removed support for Global Stats (the service we used is outdated, but we'll be reintroducing this in another version with much better statistical information)
    - Removed Apple Watch support since it seems like no one was using it, and keeping it up to date wasn't worth the time. There are no plans to reintroduce this later.

    We'll be having a huge update coming out in mid to late 2017, so make sure to upgrade before then before the price goes up!
Version 2.3 (Nov 7, 2015)
    You've probably at some point wondered why you haven't been able to edit a card you've already done... now, you no longer have to wonder! We've added a new feature that allows users who have already filled out a card for the current day to be able to quickly and easily edit that card. No, it's not as well thought out as the original card filling out menu is, but it's something we've been thinking about for awhile and finally decided to integrate. Let us know if you want more added to that feature. Since it's barebones, it could use some work, but I'd rather not clutter it if it works fine as is. Other than that, here's what else we've added:

    - New content added to PDF generation (You can now generate your Daily Log AND your notes in a PDF).
    - Also finally added the ability to Export and Import your data. That way if you switch devices, or are going to restore your device to factory settings, or you are just worried about your data, you can manually export it two different ways!
    - Added new customer support features
    - Fixed a few small bugs
Version 2.2 (Oct 19, 2015)
    Hi everyone! Thank you for being patient! With the release of iOS 9, a few new bugs appeared which were hopefully all squashed. Keep us in the loop if something didn't get fixed. Other than that, probably the biggest new feature we're most excited about is Apple Watch functionality. If you own an Apple Watch, or plan on getting one, you can now do your Diary Card from your Watch. The best part about it is that instead of making this like the original card, where you have to fill out the entire card in one sitting, the Apple Watch app will let you go back and update the current day's card whenever you want. Not only that, but the current day's data is synced between your iPhone and your watch. So whether you fill out a card originally using the iPhone app or the Apple Watch app, you will always be able to keep working on it as you go!

    That's not the only great feature, so here's a quick list of a few of the other ones:

    - Optimization for iOS 9
    - Fixed some bugs like PDF Printing
    - Added Support for Apple Watch
    - Added a new Messages function so you can get messages while in the app about what's going on with updates and new apps
    - Added a new Facebook button and built a FB Page so our users can communicate with us and each other about bugs, new features, ideas, or just to say hi!
Version 2.1 (Aug 13, 2015)
    - Fixed a bug that didn't let users generate PDF files
    - Localized prices so users who don't use U.S. Dollars see upgrade prices in their currency
    - Fixed notifications to work for iOS 8+ users
    - Fixed the 'Global Stats' page

    Thanks for your patience and to everyone who has emailed us to give us insight into what we're missing, and what we can add to make this app better than before!
Version 2.0 (Feb 26, 2015)
    • Users who missed a single day can now continue their streak by doing yesterday's Diary Card (of course, only on the condition that they only missed one day in a row).
    • Paying users now have the ability to access a new section that stacks their personal stats up to other users (as a whole). Find the averages that other people use other skills and learn some other cool statistics as well.
    • Users who own our other DBT Apps now can access those apps from within this app by simply tapping the other app's icon. This provides a more streamline experience for doing DBT. The banner at the bottom also notifies users of which apps in our collection they own and which they don't.
    • Some rough edges have been ironed out, making this app more integrated with all of our other apps and more responsive.
Version 1.23 (Feb 19, 2014)
    - Tweaked Icon to be a little more crisp
    - Added links to 2 new DBT Apps we've created:
    * DBT Interpersonal Communication Tools
    * DBT Emotion Regulation Tools
    - Whenever you submit a diary card, the skills you use are tallied up now in a pool from all users in order to get a better idea of what skills people are using. This data will be graphed out in a later version of this app with daily updates based on user interaction. Please note that although skills used are being tallied up, all scores are anonymous and no personal information is collected. Only app usage. This will help us to create better apps in the future and help to further the development of DBT in helping people to live better lives.
Version 1.22 (Nov 7, 2013)
    - Added Labels for each of the 4 types of skills: Mindfulness, Distress Tolerance, Interpersonal Effectiveness, and Emotional Regulation
    - Fixed a bit of grammar
    - Added ads for users without the Full Version
Version 1.21 (Oct 9, 2013)
    - Optimized for iOS7
Version 1.2 (Sep 10, 2013)
    - New Icon
    - Added a new function for Full Version Users: You can now send PDF files with your diary card stats + notes via email, or print to your AirPrint printer straight from within the app.
Version 1.1 (Jul 27, 2013)
    - Added a Quick Note Feature on the Main Screen so you can make notes quickly while in your DBT class, or other notes related to DBT without having to complete a whole day's diary card. I write my DBT homework in here.
    - The Green Check Mark and the Red X Mark now can be tapped to say 'Yes' or 'No' to a question.
    - Updated some grammar and descriptions of skills
Version 1.0 (Jul 16, 2013)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
DBT Coach
DGT Onderweg
DBT for Adolescents
PsychSurveys
CBT Companion: Therapy App
Skills, Stress Tolerance Games
Borderline Personality D. Test
Bold: CBT Therapy Journal
FreeCBT
CBT Self-Care Journal
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    4.8
    Current release
    May 6, 2021
    4.7
    Mar 9, 2021
    4.6
    Mar 5, 2021
    4.4
    Feb 17, 2021
    4.2
    Feb 10, 2021
    4.1
    Oct 23, 2019
    4.0
    Sep 18, 2019
    3.09
    Apr 6, 2019
    3.08
    Mar 12, 2019
    3.07
    Feb 17, 2019
    3.06
    Jan 30, 2019
    3.05
    Jan 16, 2019
    3.04
    Jan 5, 2019
    3.03
    Sep 5, 2018
    3.02
    Jul 19, 2018
    3.01
    Jul 15, 2018
    3.0
    Jul 14, 2018
    2.5
    Mar 6, 2018
    2.4
    Jun 2, 2017
    2.3
    Nov 7, 2015
    2.2
    Oct 19, 2015
    2.1
    Aug 13, 2015
    2.0
    Feb 26, 2015
    1.23
    Feb 19, 2014
    1.22
    Nov 7, 2013
    1.21
    Oct 9, 2013
    1.2
    Sep 10, 2013
    1.1
    Jul 27, 2013
    1.0
    Jul 16, 2013

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Upgrade to Full Version
    $3.99
    Donate $0.99 USD
    $0.99
    Donate $19.99 USD
    $19.99
    Donate $18.99 USD
    $18.99
    Donate $17.99 USD
    $17.99
    Donate $16.99 USD
    $16.99
    Donate $14.99 USD
    $14.99
    Donate $15.99 USD
    $15.99
    Donate $13.99 USD
    $13.99
    Donate $12.99
    $12.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Health and Fitness

Initial Release Date
    Jul 16, 2013

Worldwide Release Date
    Jul 16, 2013

Last Updated Time
    Feb 26, 2024

Version
    4.8

Size
    97.58 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    POP POP LLC

Company HQ
    United States

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 10.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    DBTSkillCard

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    Yes

App Support Url

App Privacy Policy Url

Company Website

App ID: 666921665
Unified App ID: 1000800000044344

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Simple DBT Skills Diary Card | data.ai
