Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Moodi - Mental health journal
Evgeny ProkopievHealth and Fitness (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Evgeny Prokopiev

    Moodi - Mental health journal
    Moodi - Mental health journal

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Moodi - Mental health journal
Anxiety & stress relief diary
Health and Fitness (Applications)
Free
iPhone Only
App Promotional Text
Take time for your mental well-being! Psychological journals are an excellent tool for reducing stress, combating anxiety, and improving mood
App Description
Moodi is simple and effective psychological exercises that can help if you are struggling with anxiety, stress, depression, low self-esteem, and other psychological difficulties. In addition, they improve mood, increase awareness, strengthen mental health, and have an anti-stress effect.

A psychological diary is the best practice for independent work, which has many positive qualities:

- Helps you better understand yourself, your thoughts, feelings, and reactions.

- Allows you to express emotions and experiences, rather than suppressing them, which contributes to better emotional regulation and stress reduction.

- Helps you approach problem-solving and decision-making mindfully.

- Improves personal development and growth.

- Helps you identify sources of stress and anxiety and find ways to cope with them.

- Allows you to better understand yourself and your relationships with people.

Almost every psychologist recommends keeping a personal diary: it can be an emotions diary, a mood journal, a CBT journal, or free-form entries.



What practices do we offer?



Negative situations diary

The Negative Situations diary is a very effective technique for solving psychological problems. The goals of this diary are to help you learn to cope with and experience painful and anxious moments more easily, understand how some events affect your emotions, feelings, and mood, and teach your brain to develop action strategies in similar situations in the future.

It is easy to keep a Negative Situations diary. You need to make entries about every negative moment, track your thoughts, mark emotions, and choose a cognitive distortion. This will allow you to better understand yourself, your behavior, and feelings associated with this event, free your mind from negativity, and feel much better. By changing your approach to solving negative situations, your reaction to them will also change.



Positive moments diary

The Positive Moments diary (Gratitude Journal) is a journal where you note all the positive events, emotions, positivity, and gratitude. It helps you pay attention to the pleasant moments that we often don't notice, as well as reduce stress and other negative factors.

You need to write down all the good and positive moments, thoughts, situations, and mark the emotions you experienced. Write down literally everything: it can be a significant event or something fleeting, the main thing is to pay attention and write down everything that causes positive emotions.



Morning diary

The Morning diary is a technique that helps you set yourself up for the day ahead, free your mind from unnecessary worries, anxious thoughts, and negativity. By practicing, you will notice how motivation and energy rise, creativity, awareness, and self-development develop.

You need to write down your emotions, feelings, experiences, plans, tasks, goals, and even desires every day, immediately after the alarm goes off. In general, everything that seems important to you at that moment.



Evening diary

The evening diary technique involves recording emotions, feelings, and thoughts at the end of the day, right before bed. This allows you to analyze the day, free yourself from stress and tension, helps you let go of worries and worries, relax, which will improve your sleep, help you recover and provide quality rest.

Before bed, write down the events and impressions of the past day, describe in detail your emotions, feelings, and reactions, self-esteem, and physical condition. Write down what lesson you can learn from this day. Don't try to write "correctly," just be honest and write what you think is important.



Psychological help and psychotherapy are not necessarily going to a psychologist, but also self-care for your mental health. You can choose various techniques, practices, and exercises that you can do yourself, the main thing is to have the goal of finding inner comfort, feeling light, calm, increasing life activity, and becoming a happier person
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
N/A
Total Displayed Ratings
N/A

No data is available.
Pie chart with 3 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
No data is available.
See More
What's New

Version 1.4.0 (Feb 16, 2024)
    We are excited to introduce a new section - "Question of the Day". In this section, you will find a daily question that will help you better understand yourself and your personality. The goal of this section is to inspire you to reflect, to help you focus on various aspects of your life, and to increase mindfulness. Additionally, we have improved calendar functionality, fixed some bugs, and enhanced the performance of the application!
Version 1.3.0 (Jan 29, 2024)
    In this version, we have added notifications to ensure you don't miss your morning and evening journals, as consistency is crucial if you want to achieve results and improve your life. Additionally, we have fixed some errors and made the app a bit more convenient for you!
Version 1.2 (Jan 15, 2024)
    In this version, we have added notifications to ensure you don't miss your morning and evening journals, as consistency is crucial if you want to achieve results and improve your life. Additionally, we have fixed some errors and made the app a bit more convenient for you!
Version 1.1 (Dec 25, 2023)
    In this update, we've added a diary for negative situations that will help you better cope with negative thoughts, emotions, and feelings. It will teach you to better understand yourself and your reactions to various stressful situations!
Version 1.0 (Nov 5, 2023)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
CBT Diary
Diary: CBT Notes
Тест на депрессию, шкала Бека
Gratific
Psybox: Evidentiary Methods
Marbles CBT
Fullness diary
Mind Set Go: personal growth+
CBT Helper: anxiety, PA, OCD
Эмоции: Дневник и Описание
IQ Classifications
Genre: Health & Fitness
Subgenre: Mental Health
Mental Health
Apps that improve users' mental health through one or multiple ways such as music therapy, meditation, mood tracker, etc so that users can relax, relieve stress or sleep well.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    1.4.0
    Current release
    Feb 16, 2024
    1.3.0
    Jan 29, 2024
    1.2
    Jan 15, 2024
    1.1
    Dec 25, 2023
    1.0
    Nov 5, 2023

See More
About

Required Devices
    iPhone, Other iOS Device

Category
    Health and Fitness

Initial Release Date
    Nov 5, 2023

Last Updated Time
    Feb 23, 2024

Version
    1.4.0

Size
    41.27 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    Evgeny Prokopiev

Content Rating
    Rated 12+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.moodi

Has Game Center
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 6469199306

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Moodi - Mental health journal | data.ai
