Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Hulu: Watch TV shows & movies
DisneyEntertainment (Applications)Free
Alerts

Hulu
Hulu: Watch TV shows & movies
Hulu: Watch TV shows & movies
Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Hulu: Watch TV shows & movies
Stream films & download series
Entertainment (Applications)
Free
Published by Hulu
App App Store Notes
With its compelling lineup of TV shows, movies, and original content, Hulu delivers a massive entertainment catalog directly to any device. With your subscription, binge episodes of The Handmaid's Tale, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Castle Rock, and Shrill.
App Description
Immerse yourself in your favorite stories with Hulu. Stream your way through thousands of TV episodes and movies. From award-winning shows and movies to exclusively streaming Originals—unlimited access to your favorite entertainment is a download away.

Already a subscriber? Level up to enjoy Live TV and the latest sports, news, and events on your favorite devices. You're in control: Hulu has multiple options to personalize a plan that works best for you —Hulu, Hulu (No Ads), or Hulu + Live TV**.

*Regional restrictions, blackouts and additional terms apply.

No matter which plan you choose, Hulu offers:

All the TV you love—Hulu gives you personalized recommendations
Separate profiles—create up to 6 profiles so people can watch Hulu the way they want
Track your favorites—save movies or TV to your profile to continue where you left off
Your favorite device, any time—watch on your TV, smartphone, or tablet and don’t miss a beat
Premium networks—forget cable with access to MAX, SHOWTIME®, CINEMAX®, and STARZ® for an additional monthly subscription fee

Our Hulu (With Ads) plan lets you browse our huge streaming library. Discover some of today's most popular shows like The Kardashians, Welcome to Chippendales, Only Murders in the Building, Bob's Burgers, Family Guy, Abbott Elementary and much more. Get exclusively streaming Originals from Emmy® winner The Handmaid’s Tale to The Dropout, or Dopesick, starring Emmy® winner Michael Keaton.

Hulu (No Ads)
This plan gives you everything you get with the Hulu (With Ads) plan in an ad-free* experience. *There are a few shows in our streaming library that are not included in Hulu (No Ads) due to streaming rights. Episodes of those shows will stream uninterrupted — there will just be a quick ad before and after each video. Plus, you can download titles to watch offline.*

*Select content available for download.

Hulu + Live TV

Watch live and on-demand TV from 85+ channels, including sports, news, and more without the extra cable fees, as well as unlimited access to the entire Hulu streaming library through our ad-supported plan, now with access to Disney+ and ESPN+.

Hulu + Live TV plan only available on Apple TV Gen. 4, iPod Touch Gen. 6, 4K Apple TV, or iPhone/iPad running iOS12 or later.

You’ll be charged as a recurring transaction through your iTunes account starting at the end of your free trial (unless you cancel during the free trial). Payment automatically renews unless you cancel your account at least 24 hours before the end of the current subscription month. You can manage your subscription, cancel anytime, or turn off auto-renewal by accessing your iTunes account. Hulu is available to U.S. customers only.

Terms of Use: http://www.hulu.com/terms
Privacy Policy: http://www.hulu.com/privacy
Your California Privacy Rights: https://www.hulu.com/ca-privacy-rights
Do Not Sell My Personal Information: https://www.hulu.com/do-not-sell-my-info

This app features third party software which allows you to contribute to measurement statistics (e.g., Nielsen’s TV Ratings). To learn more about digital measurement products and your choices in regard to them, including opting out, please visit our privacy policy. Please see http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy for more information about Nielsen measurement.

We may work with mobile advertising companies to help deliver online and in-app advertisements tailored to your interests based on your activities on our website and apps and on other, unaffiliated websites and apps. To learn more, visit www.aboutads.info. To opt-out of online interest-based advertising, visit www.aboutads.info/choices. To opt-out of cross-app advertising, download the App Choices app at www.aboutads.info/appchoices. Hulu is committed to complying with the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and the DAA’s Application of Self-Regulatory Principles for the Mobile Environment.
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.61
Total Displayed Ratings
1.42m

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 8.3.2 (Dec 15, 2023)
    In this update, we increased the number of Profiles available per Hulu account. You can now create up to seven Profiles, so everyone in the household can stream in harmony. We also pushed out a few fixes, resulting in improved app performance. To take advantage of this release, update the Hulu app today!
Version 8.3.0 (Oct 23, 2023)
    In this update, we increased the number of Profiles available per Hulu account. You can now create up to seven Profiles, so everyone in the household can stream in harmony. We also pushed out a few fixes, resulting in improved app performance. To take advantage of this release, update the Hulu app today!
Version 8.2.0 (Aug 7, 2023)
    A recent privacy update has rolled out to give users the opportunity to opt in or out of targeted advertising. We’ve also updated the browsing experience when using our mobile app. To take advantage of these new features, be sure to update the Hulu app today!
Version 8.1.0 (Jun 26, 2023)
    In this release, we've made some updates to our interface to help spotlight the latest and greatest content Hulu has to offer. We want to help kick off summer right, so tap that update button and enjoy today!
Version 8.0.1 (May 24, 2023)
    In this latest release, we’ve gotten rid of some bugs. Be sure to update your Hulu app to enjoy a smooth streaming experience!
Version 7.50.1 (Apr 13, 2023)
    In this latest release, we’ve gotten rid of some bugs during playback. Be sure to update your Hulu app to enjoy a smooth streaming experience!
Version 7.50 (Apr 10, 2023)
    In this latest release, we’ve gotten rid of some bugs during playback. Be sure to update your Hulu app to enjoy a smooth streaming experience!
Version 7.49 (Mar 2, 2023)
    Bug fixes.
Version 7.48.1 (Feb 6, 2023)
    In this latest release, we’ve gotten rid of some bugs during playback and fixed an issue that was causing the video to pause unexpectedly for some users. Be sure to update your Hulu app to enjoy a smooth streaming experience!
Version 7.48 (Jan 31, 2023)
    n this latest release, we’ve gotten rid of some bugs during playback and fixed an issue that was causing the video to pause unexpectedly for some users. Be sure to update your Hulu app to enjoy a smooth streaming experience!
Version 7.47.2 (Jan 9, 2023)
    Bug fixes.
Version 7.47 (Dec 20, 2022)
    Bug fixes.
Version 7.47 (Dec 20, 2022)
    Bug fixes.
Version 7.46 (Nov 9, 2022)
    Bug fixes.
Version 7.45.1 (Oct 5, 2022)
    In this latest release, we’ve done some cleanup work in our app. Be sure to update your Hulu app and get back to streaming!
Version 7.45 (Sep 19, 2022)
    In this latest release, we’ve done some cleanup work in our app. Be sure to update your Hulu app and get back to streaming!
Version 7.44 (Jul 20, 2022)
    In this latest release, we’ve gotten rid of some bugs during playback and fixed an issue that was causing the app to crash for some iOS users. Be sure to update your Hulu app to enjoy a smooth streaming experience!
Version 7.43.2 (May 12, 2022)
    In this release, we are helping spread the Hulu love by introducing SharePlay. With SharePlay, you can watch content from the Hulu streaming library in sync with friends and family over FaceTime. We also launched a feature allowing Live TV users to easily flip between channels during playback. Upgrade to the newest version of the app on your iPhone or iPad to try it out.
Version 7.43.1 (Apr 12, 2022)
    In this release, we are helping spread the Hulu love by introducing SharePlay. With SharePlay, you can watch content from the Hulu streaming library in sync with friends and family over FaceTime. We also launched a feature allowing Live TV users to easily flip between channels during playback. Upgrade to the newest version of the app on your iPhone or iPad to try it out.
Version 7.43 (Apr 4, 2022)
    In this release, we are helping spread the Hulu love by introducing SharePlay. With SharePlay, you can watch content from the Hulu streaming library in sync with friends and family over FaceTime. We also launched a feature allowing Live TV users to easily flip between channels during playback. Upgrade to the newest version of the app on your iPhone or iPad to try it out.
Version 7.42 (Mar 17, 2022)
    We got a head start on spring cleaning by squashing some pesky bugs and tidying up our app. Be sure to update to the latest version so you can have a squeaky clean streaming experience!
Version 7.41.1 (Feb 28, 2022)
    Sometimes the best way to get through these winter nights is by staying in and streaming, and we have some updates that’ll help you do just that. In this release, we fixed a few bugs and made improvements to our interface that make it easier to watch all your Hulu favorites. Make sure you update to the latest version of the app!
Version 7.41 (Feb 22, 2022)
    Sometimes the best way to get through these winter nights is by staying in and streaming, and we have some updates that’ll help you do just that. In this release, we fixed a few bugs and made improvements to our interface that make it easier to watch all your Hulu favorites. Make sure you update to the latest version of the app!
Version 7.40 (Jan 20, 2022)
    It’s a new year and to celebrate we’ve got another update in store! In this latest release, we’ve done some cleanup work in our app, as well as get rid of a bug causing the app to crash for some iOS users. Be sure to update your Hulu app and get back to streaming!
Version 7.39.3 (Dec 14, 2021)
    ‘Tis the season for smooth streaming! In this latest release, we’ve exterminated those pesky bugs that belong on Santa’s naughty list. Update your app today to get back to watching your holiday favorites!
Version 7.39 (Dec 3, 2021)
    ‘Tis the season for smooth streaming! In this latest release, we’ve exterminated those pesky bugs that belong on Santa’s naughty list. Update your app today to get back to watching your holiday favorites!
Version 7.38.1 (Nov 18, 2021)
    We’re taking care of some Thanksgiving prep to make sure smooth streaming is on the menu! In this latest release, we’ve done some fine-tuning to our app experience and continued to squash the bugs that try to interfere with your TV time. Be sure to update your Hulu app today!
Version 7.38 (Nov 12, 2021)
    We’re taking care of some Thanksgiving prep to make sure smooth streaming is on the menu! In this latest release, we’ve done some fine-tuning to our app experience and continued to squash the bugs that try to interfere with your TV time. Be sure to update your Hulu app today!
Version 7.36.1 (Oct 24, 2021)
    Boo! It’s spooky season, but we made sure there aren’t any goblins or ghouls trying to get in the way of your streaming experience. In this latest release, we did some fine tuning and exterminated some creepy crawlies! Be sure to update your app today.
Version 7.36 (Oct 19, 2021)
    Boo! It’s spooky season, but we made sure there aren’t any goblins or ghouls trying to get in the way of your streaming experience. In this latest release, we did some fine tuning and exterminated some creepy crawlies! Be sure to update your app today.
Version 7.35 (Oct 7, 2021)
    In our latest release, we kept business as usual: we fine-tuned our app experience and completed some polishing work. We also squashed a bug causing our DVR to crash for some iOS users. Update your app today and get back to streaming!
Version 7.34.1 (Sep 23, 2021)
    In our latest iOS release, we’ve done some animation and typography updates — but don’t worry, we didn’t forget to continue exterminating any bugs that get in the way of your streaming. Download the Hulu app today!
Version 7.34 (Sep 20, 2021)
    In our latest iOS release, we’ve done some animation and typography updates — but don’t worry, we didn’t forget to continue exterminating any bugs that get in the way of your streaming. Download the Hulu app today!
Version 7.33 (Sep 7, 2021)
    Summer is coming to an end, but we’ve done some work to our app to prepare for fall! In this latest release, we made a few animation updates as well as some accessibility improvements. Download the Hulu app today!
Version 7.32 (Aug 24, 2021)
    In our latest update, we’ve continued to exterminate those annoying little bugs that try getting in the way of you and your streaming experience. Be sure to update your Hulu app today and get back to binging your summer favorites!
Version 7.31.1 (Aug 10, 2021)
    In this latest release, iOS users will now be able to select multiple titles in their Cloud DVR and bulk delete! We’ve also worked on some small fine-tuning to improve the overall look of the Hulu app. Be sure to download the app today and start streaming!
Version 7.31 (Aug 6, 2021)
    In this latest release, iOS users will now be able to select multiple titles in their Cloud DVR and bulk delete! We’ve also worked on some small fine-tuning to improve the overall look of the Hulu app. Be sure to download the app today and start streaming!
Version 7.30.0 (Jul 26, 2021)
    In this latest release, we’ve added recording badges and single grouping view for our Cloud DVR. Don’t wait another moment — update your Hulu app today to get the latest experience!
Version 7.29.2 (Jul 13, 2021)
    We think this one fixes the crash many of you were experiencing in 7.29 and 7.29.1.

    We’ve got some pretty exciting improvements in our latest release! We’ve done some polishing work on the Hulu app and continued to do what we do best — squash any bugs getting in the way of your TV time this summer. Be sure to update your app today and get back to streaming!
Version 7.29 (Jul 8, 2021)
    We’ve got some pretty exciting improvements in our latest release! We’ve done some polishing work on the Hulu app and continued to do what we do best — squash any bugs getting in the way of your TV time this summer. Be sure to update your app today and get back to streaming!
Version 7.28.1 (Jul 1, 2021)
    We’ve got another update for you! In our latest release, we’ve squashed a bug causing the Hulu content to restart while casting for some iOS users. Be sure to update your Hulu app and get back to streaming today!
Version 7.28 (Jun 23, 2021)
    We’ve got another update for you! In our latest release, we’ve squashed a bug causing the Hulu content to restart while casting for some iOS users. Be sure to update your Hulu app and get back to streaming today!
Version 7.27 (Jun 14, 2021)
    We’ve refreshed the Hulu app you know and love to make things a bit easier on the eyes — plus we’ve eliminated some of those pesky bugs! Update your app today and get back to binging all of your favorites on Hulu.
Version 7.26 (Jun 1, 2021)
    What better way to kickoff summer than enjoy the latest release we have in store? In addition to exterminating those pesky bugs, we’ve also done some fine tuning work to make sure your summer of streaming is as smooth as ever. Be sure to update your app today!
Version 7.25 (May 19, 2021)
    Another round of updates, please! In this latest release, we’ve updated the look of our app as well as added episode art to make it easy for you to identify episodes and jump back into playback. Be sure to update your Hulu app today!
Version 7.24 (May 3, 2021)
    We’ve got some exciting updates in store — performance improvements, new app icon, keyboard and mouse support, and last but not least … Introducing: Hulu mobile widgets! iOS users with this update can download our widget and easily access their favorite content directly from their iOS home screen. Update your Hulu app today!
Version 7.23.2 (Apr 23, 2021)
    This release addresses an issue on startup many iOS 13 users were experiencing.
Version 7.23.1 (Apr 21, 2021)
    In this latest update, we’ve done what we do best — exterminate those pesky bugs and fine-tune our streaming experience. Update your Hulu app today and get back to binging your favorite shows and movies!
Version 7.23 (Apr 15, 2021)
    In this latest update, we’ve done what we do best — exterminate those pesky bugs and fine-tune our streaming experience. Update your Hulu app today and get back to binging your favorite shows and movies!
Version 7.22 (Apr 2, 2021)
    In this latest update we’ve exterminate those pesky bugs and made some accessibility improvements. Update your Hulu app today and get back to binging your favorite content! 
Version 7.21 (Mar 18, 2021)
    We’ve got another update for you! In this latest release, we’ve made a few quality improvements to our downloads feature, as well as fixed a bug that caused the app to crash for some iOS users. Update your Hulu app today to get back to streaming!
Version 7.20.1 (Mar 6, 2021)
    We’ve got a new update just in time for spring cleaning! In this latest release, we’ve dusted off those cobwebs and continued killing any lingering bugs that may be getting in the way of your streaming. Don’t wait — update your Hulu app and get back to binging!
Version 7.18.1 (Feb 10, 2021)
    Roses are red, violets are blue, we know you love streaming, so we’ve got an update for you! This time around, we’ve continued to do what we do best — squash those bugs to deliver a smooth streaming experience. Update your Hulu app today! 
Version 7.17.1 (Jan 27, 2021)
    We squashed some more pesky bugs, took care of some polishing work, and ironed out some annoying kinks getting in the way of your streaming experience. Get the latest version of our app and continue binging your Hulu faves!
Version 7.17 (Jan 25, 2021)
    We squashed some more pesky bugs, took care of some polishing work, and ironed out some annoying kinks getting in the way of your streaming experience. Get the latest version of our app and continue binging your Hulu faves!
Version 7.16 (Jan 13, 2021)
    New year, new update! In this latest update, we’ve made some enhancements to our Link Sharing feature — iOS users can now share clips to their favorite content. Be sure to update your app and get back to streaming today!
Version 7.15 (Dec 16, 2020)
    This holiday season, we’re celebrating the only way we know how — exterminating those pesky bugs to make sure you can stream your holiday content! Update your Hulu app to get back to streaming today.
Version 7.14.1 (Dec 3, 2020)
    ‘Tis the season … for streaming, that is! In this latest update, we’ve fine-tuned some things and made some accessibility improvements. Update your Hulu app and get a head start on streaming your holiday favorites!
Version 7.14 (Dec 1, 2020)
    ‘Tis the season … for streaming, that is! In this latest update, we’ve fine-tuned some things and made some accessibility improvements. Update your Hulu app and get a head start on streaming your holiday favorites!
Version 7.13 (Nov 16, 2020)
    We’ve got some great updates in store for you in this latest iOS release! Squashed bugs, improved page design, and we fixed an issue affecting iOS users having trouble casting downloaded content. Be sure to update your Hulu app and get back to your TV time!
Version 7.12.1 (Oct 29, 2020)
    We at Hulu care about streaming, which is why we’re constantly fine-tuning our experience to ensure you have the best experience available. In this latest update, we’ve continued to do what we do best — squash bugs and get rid of those pesky critters interrupting your TV time. Be sure to update your Hulu app and get back to watching your favorites!
Version 7.12 (Oct 27, 2020)
    We at Hulu care about streaming, which is why we’re constantly fine-tuning our experience to ensure you have the best experience available. In this latest update, we’ve continued to do what we do best — squash bugs and get rid of those pesky critters interrupting your TV time. Be sure to update your Hulu app and get back to watching your favorites!
Version 7.11 (Oct 20, 2020)
    Spooky season has arrived, but don’t let that get in the way of your streaming! We’ve exterminated those creepy crawlies getting in the way of your TV time, as well as made some enhancements to our content Details Page. Be sure to update your app and get back to watching your Huluween favorites. 
Version 7.10 (Oct 9, 2020)
    With Fall in full swing, we’re doubling down on pest control. In this latest release, we’ve gotten rid of those pesky critters to make the Hulu streaming experience even better. Don’t wait another moment — download the latest version of our app and get back to streaming today! 
Version 7.9 (Sep 16, 2020)
    We’ve made some improvements and ironed out some kinks that may have been getting in the way of your fall TV! We’ve also fixed an issue causing our Live Guide to crash for some Chromecast users. Update your Hulu app and get back to streaming today!
Version 7.8.2 (Sep 9, 2020)
    In our latest update, we squashed some of those pesky bugs, took care of some polishing work, and ironed out some kinks in our app. Get this latest version to continue streaming your Hulu favorites!
Version 7.8.1 (Sep 8, 2020)
    In our latest update, we squashed some of those pesky bugs, took care of some polishing work, and ironed out some kinks in our app. Get this latest version to continue streaming your Hulu favorites!
Version 7.8 (Sep 3, 2020)
    In our latest update, we squashed some of those pesky bugs, took care of some polishing work, and ironed out some kinks in our app. Get this latest version to continue streaming your Hulu favorites!
Version 7.7 (Aug 21, 2020)
    Time flies when you’re streaming Hulu! In this most recent update, we’ve exterminated some bugs that were getting in the way of video playback for some iOS users. Make sure you have this latest update to get back to binging!
Version 7.6.1 (Aug 17, 2020)
    In this latest update, we’ve fixed some bugs that may have been getting in the way of your summer streaming. Be sure you have this latest version of the Hulu app and get back to binging your favorites!
Version 7.6 (Aug 5, 2020)
    In this latest update, we’ve fixed some bugs that may have been getting in the way of your summer streaming. Be sure you have this latest version of the Hulu app and get back to binging your favorites!
Version 7.5 (Jul 29, 2020)
    Summer is the time for streaming! In this latest update, we’ve squashed some more bugs to bring you smooth streaming, all summer long. Be sure to update your Hulu app to get back to binging your favorites!
Version 7.4.2 (Jul 25, 2020)
    Summer is the time for streaming! In this latest update, we’ve squashed some more bugs to bring you smooth streaming, all summer long. Be sure to update your Hulu app to get back to binging your favorites!
Version 7.4.1 (Jul 20, 2020)
    In this latest Hulu app update, iOS users now have the ability to show and hide their password via a toggle when logging in. Make sure you download the latest version of our app and get back to your TV time! 
Version 7.4 (Jul 14, 2020)
    In this latest Hulu app update, iOS users now have the ability to show and hide their password via a toggle when logging in. Make sure you download the latest version of our app and get back to your TV time! 
Version 7.3 (Jun 29, 2020)
    In this latest update, we got rid of a few bugs to make sure your summer is full of smooth streaming! We also made some accessibility improvements to our Sign Up feature. Download the latest Hulu app to start watching your favorite content! 
Version 7.2 (Jun 17, 2020)
    Bugs getting in the way? Not on our watch! In this latest update we’ve squashed those pesky suckers that may have been causing the app to crash. Make sure your Hulu app is updated to continue streaming! 
Version 7.1.1 (Jun 4, 2020)
    Fixed an issue causing some users to crash at start.
Version 7.1 (May 27, 2020)
    Summer is here, and so is an updated version of our app! We’ve exterminated some bugs causing playback to crash and missing channel names from our Live Guide. Be sure to download this latest version and get back to your Hulu favorites! 
Version 7.0 (May 18, 2020)
    We can’t let those pesky bugs get in the way of your TV time! In this latest update, we took care of some bug-squashing duties and made improvements to account creation and sign up for users who may have been having issues. Download this latest version to get back to binging!
Version 6.16 (May 6, 2020)
    Spring cleaning is well under way! We’ve fixed some bugs causing issues with images not loading, along with some improvements for Chromecast users to improve the overall streaming experience. Make sure your app is updated to continue binging your Hulu favorites!
Version 6.15 (Apr 20, 2020)
    Being at home means we’re doing one of two things — watching Hulu or spring cleaning. It’s always good to get dirty work out of the way, so we’ve squashed some pesky bugs that were interrupting our TV time. Get this latest version of Hulu to continue watching your favorite shows and movies!
Version 6.14 (Apr 6, 2020)
    We’re all about providing viewers with a seamless streaming experience, so we did some pest control to get rid of the bugs causing our app to crash. Be sure to download the latest Hulu app to start binging your favorite content!
Version 6.13.1 (Mar 27, 2020)
    Are you feeling the luck of the Irish? If you weren’t, maybe this will help — we’ve pinched quite a few bugs for not wearing Hulu green. We’ve also smoothed out some kinks and made some performance enhancements to streamline your streaming experience.
Version 6.13 (Mar 23, 2020)
    Are you feeling the luck of the Irish? If you weren’t, maybe this will help — we’ve pinched quite a few bugs for not wearing Hulu green. We’ve also smoothed out some kinks and made some performance enhancements to streamline your streaming experience.
Version 6.12 (Mar 3, 2020)
    There’s only one right way to spring forward — do some spring cleaning! For us that means gearing up for some major bug extermination. We’re blasting bugs out of our app left and right, so go ahead and toss that insect repellent. We’ve also made some improvements to our error messaging. Get this version of our app for an optimal streaming experience. 
Version 6.11 (Feb 19, 2020)
    We made several accessibility improvements to enhance the Hulu experience, but it isn’t a real update without pest control, right? Rest assured we squashed some bugs that were crawling into our TV experience.
Version 6.10 (Feb 10, 2020)
    Roses are red,
    Violets are blue.
    Bugs drop dead
    When Hulu says “shoo!”

    There were a few bugs getting in the way of previous TV time, but the good news is that we’ve squashed those pesky critters. We’ve also ironed out some kinks and made performance improvements.
Version 6.9 (Jan 24, 2020)
    New
    Good news, Chromecast users! When casting videos to your TV, you can now use your iOS device to select an audio track for your movies and shows.

    Fixed
    No update is complete without a routine pest inspection. We completed a thorough inspection of our app, and all pesky bugs were squashed in the process.
Version 6.8.1 (Dec 20, 2019)
    New
    Now you can like or dislike content recommendations that appear within the different collections in Home. When you “Like” something we’ll try to recommend similar shows and movies, and we’ll stop suggesting anything that you “Dislike.”

    Improvements
    We’ve also made some accessibility improvements to the Hulu experience and fixed some bugs that were getting in the way of your TV time.
Version 6.8 (Dec 16, 2019)
    New
    Now you can like or dislike content recommendations that appear within the different collections in Home. When you “Like” something we’ll try to recommend similar shows and movies, and we’ll stop suggesting anything that you “Dislike.”

    Improvements
    We’ve also made some accessibility improvements to the Hulu experience and fixed some bugs that were getting in the way of your TV time.
Version 6.7 (Dec 5, 2019)
    New
    Introducing the new Like and Dislike functions! While you’re browsing through the app on your iOS device, you can like or dislike titles to get better recommendations. When you Like something we’ll try to recommend similar shows and movies, and we’ll stop suggesting anything that you Dislike.

    Fixed
    We’re making a list. We’re checking it twice. We’re finding out bugs have been naughty, not nice! That’s right — we’ve squashed any pesky bugs that were getting in the way of Merry Streaming. We’ve also made a few accessibility improvements and ironed out some kinks.
Version 6.6.2 (Nov 22, 2019)
    We've made some accessibility improvements and squashed quite a few bugs that were interrupting our TV time. Get the latest version of our app to stream your Hulu favorites!
Version 6.6.1 (Nov 19, 2019)
    We've made some accessibility improvements and squashed quite a few bugs that were interrupting our TV time. Get the latest version of our app to stream your Hulu favorites!
Version 6.6 (Nov 18, 2019)
    We've made some accessibility improvements and squashed quite a few bugs that were interrupting our TV time. Get the latest version of our app to stream your Hulu favorites!
Version 6.5.1 (Nov 14, 2019)
    New
    Introducing the new and improved Live Guide on iOS! Live TV subscribers can now use the Guide to:
    - Browse live TV up to 2 weeks in advance
    - Schedule DVR recordings
    - Filter channels by genres
    - ...and more!

    Improved
    As part of an improved visual experience, we’ve updated the cover art for many of the titles you see on the Home menu and Details page.

    Fixed
    We squashed a few bugs that were getting in the way of your TV time, and ironed out some kinks. Get this latest version of our app and start streaming your Hulu favorites!
Version 6.5 (Nov 5, 2019)
    New
    Introducing the new and improved Live Guide on iOS! Live TV subscribers can now use the Guide to:
    - Browse live TV up to 2 weeks in advance
    - Schedule DVR recordings
    - Filter channels by genres
    - ...and more!

    Improved
    As part of an improved visual experience, we’ve updated the cover art for many of the titles you see on the Home menu and Details page.

    Fixed
    We squashed a few bugs that were getting in the way of your TV time, and ironed out some kinks. Get this latest version of our app and start streaming your Hulu favorites!
Version 6.4 (Oct 21, 2019)
    For our latest update, we took out our brooms and shoo’ed away some pesky bugs trying to crawl their way into our app. We also made some accessibility improvements to enhance your TV experience.
Version 6.3.1 (Oct 10, 2019)
    New - Downloads!
    Are you on the Hulu (No Ads) or Hulu (No Ads) + Live TV plan? If so, now you can download thousands of TV shows and movies on your supported iOS device to watch offline later.

    To find downloadable content on Hulu:
    1. Tap the Downloads icon
    2. Select the “See What’s Downloadable” button
    3. Choose from thousands of titles available to download!

    Fixes
    This update also includes accessibility improvements and bug fixes.
Version 6.3 (Oct 7, 2019)
    New - Downloads!
    Are you on the Hulu (No Ads) or Hulu (No Ads) + Live TV plan? If so, now you can download thousands of TV shows and movies on your supported iOS device to watch offline later.

    To find downloadable content on Hulu:
    1. Tap the Downloads icon
    2. Select the “See What’s Downloadable” button
    3. Choose from thousands of titles available to download!

    Fixes
    This update also includes accessibility improvements and bug fixes.
Version 6.2.1 (Sep 30, 2019)
    As part of a newer and better Hulu experience, we’re adopting a fresh new look. We gave our app icon a makeover (it’s black and green now!) and darkened the background on our welcome screen. This update also includes bug fixes and accessibility improvements.
Version 6.2 (Sep 24, 2019)
    As part of a newer and better Hulu experience, we’re adopting a fresh new look. We gave our app icon a makeover (it’s black and green now!) and darkened the background on our welcome screen. This update also includes bug fixes and accessibility improvements.
Version 6.1 (Sep 9, 2019)
    We made some performance improvements and squashed one or two bugs along the way. Get this latest version of our app and enjoy your Hulu favorites! 
Version 6.0 (Aug 26, 2019)
    Introducing the new and improved Home menu on Hulu! The redesigned Home experience makes it easier to discover new content so you can spend less time searching and more time watching. Clearer action items allow you to quickly learn more about any titles you’re curious about.

    We’ve also squashed a few bugs that were getting in the way of your TV time, and ironed out some kinks. Get this latest version to continue enjoying your Hulu favorites!
Version 5.54.0 (Aug 12, 2019)
    This summer heat has got us doubling down on pest control. For this release, we squashed a fair amount of bugs that were interfering with our TV time –– so feel free to crank up the A/C and plop down on the couch with your Hulu favorites, sans bugs.
Version 5.53.0 (Jul 29, 2019)
    We've squashed a few bugs that were getting in the way of your TV time and also ironed out some kinks. Get this latest version of our app to continue enjoying your Hulu favorites!
Version 5.52 (Jul 15, 2019)
    It’s summer time, which means bugs galore! The good news is that those creepy crawlers aren’t getting in the way of your TV time. We’re stacked to the teeth with bug spray, and we’re not afraid to use it –– oh, wait. Actually, we already did. Get this latest version of our app, which includes bug fixes and performance improvements.
Version 5.51.1 (Jul 3, 2019)
    We squashed some pesky bugs, took care of some polishing work, and ironed out some kinks. Get this latest version of our app and continue enjoying your Hulu favorites.
Version 5.51 (Jul 1, 2019)
    We squashed some pesky bugs, took care of some polishing work, and ironed out some kinks. Get this latest version of our app and continue enjoying your Hulu favorites.
Version 5.50 (Jun 17, 2019)
    We squashed quite a few bugs, made performance improvements, and polished some features. Get this latest version of our app and start watching more TV!
Version 5.49 (Jun 3, 2019)
    Browse and Search have been merged into one awesome feature. Now when you use Search on Hulu, you can explore content by applying filters like “Networks” and “Genres” or simply by typing in the program’s name into the search bar.

    Of course, it isn’t a real update without routine pest control. We’ve squashed some bugs and polished a few features.
Version 5.48.1 (May 18, 2019)
    For our latest update, we made some performance improvements and enhancements. We also took care of some bug-squashing duties to stop those pesky critters in their tracks. Get this latest version of our app to continue enjoying your Hulu favorites!
Version 5.48 (May 16, 2019)
    For our latest update, we made some performance improvements and enhancements. We also took care of some bug-squashing duties to stop those pesky critters in their tracks. Get this latest version of our app to continue enjoying your Hulu favorites!
Version 5.47 (May 6, 2019)
    We’re bidding farewell to a few things with this update. For starters, say “adios” to some pesky bugs that were causing trouble. Along with the routine pest control, we made a few improvements and polishing work.

    __

    New: Say bye-bye to waiting. The Hulu app now opens quicker than ever and gets you straight to your Home lineup in record time.

    Fixed: Some viewers may have encountered issues when trying to use Chromecast with their iOS devices. No more of that! That issue was fixed with this latest update.
Version 5.46 (Apr 22, 2019)
    Bugs make Hulu go “eek!!” so we had no choice but to squash more of those pesky suckers. On top of this routine pest control, we also enhanced a few features and performed a few necessary updates just for you.
Version 5.45 (Apr 9, 2019)
    We polished a few features and made some performance improvements. Of course, we also completed a routine pest control and squashed one or two bugs here and there. Get this latest version of our app and start watching some TV!
Version 5.44 (Mar 20, 2019)
    March is almost over which can only mean one thing –– spring cleaning! We rolled up our sleeves and took care of some bug-squashing and polishing duties. We’re also launching a new and improved version of our Details page…

    Improved: The Details page now features a sleeker layout that makes it easier for you to learn information about the series, navigate to an episode, select an action item (i.e. play, resume, record, etc.), and surf through the different tabs within the page.
Version 5.43 (Mar 7, 2019)
    We squashed more pesky bugs, took care of some polishing work, and ironed out some kinks. Get this latest version of our app and continue enjoying your Hulu favorites.
Version 5.42 (Feb 22, 2019)
    Here’s a story for you. We had bugs. We scared them. Now they’re gone. The End.
Version 5.41 (Feb 4, 2019)
    Roses are red,
    Violets are blue.
    Bugs drop dead
    When Hulu says shoo!

    Love trumps all, right? Well, that’s a bummer because we’ve got none of that for bugs. Recite this poem three times and bugs will flee. Valentine’s Day may be around the corner, but love has its limits as they say.
Version 5.40 (Jan 25, 2019)
    Dum, dum, dum! It’s doomsday for bugs. Hulu is sending those pesky critters a one-way ticket to Fyre Festival –– cheese sandwiches not included. We bet that experience will keep them away for a while, so sit back, relax and enjoy your Hulu favorites!
Version 5.39 (Jan 10, 2019)
    It’s a new year and we’ve got some resolutions to share with you. Well, one actually –– make the Hulu experience even better!

    So far, so good. Bugs are getting squashed left and right so you don’t have to worry about critters crawling up your leg while streaming your Hulu favorites.

    We’ve also got an exciting new feature to share with y’all...

    New: You can now use the built-in remote on your headphones to control video playback on your iOS device. We’ve also added RW/FF controls to the AirPlay lock screen.
Version 5.38.1 (Dec 18, 2018)
    These Holidays we plan on gifting bugs our secret weapon: some of that gross, “fruit” scattered brown bread that has become a Christmas punchline. Yes, you guessed right, we’ll be feeding them some fruitcake. * GASP * Once they taste its unpalatable dough, they’ll be out of here!

    Fix: ...and that fruitcake worked! We fed it to some naughty bugs that were making it hard for you to RW/FF and search the app while you were casting. We shoved fruitcake down their throats and now they’ve fluttered away into the winter wonderland.
Version 5.37 (Dec 5, 2018)
    We’re making a list. We’re checking it twice. We’re going to find out who’s been naughty and nice––and some bugs have definitely been naughty. Roasted on an open fire they go!

    Make sure to update to this new version of our app to get the latest bug fixes and a cool new feature.

    New: The Hulu experience on iOS is going pro! When streaming on the iPad Pro, your Hulu favorites will now be on full display.
Version 5.36 (Nov 15, 2018)
    Can you believe Thanksgiving is right around the corner? In spirit of this week’s festivities, we’re giving thanks for the following new feature, improvements, and fixes:

    AirPlay -
    Feast your eyes on the big screen! New AirPlay functionality lets you stream all of your Hulu favorites from your iOS device to your Apple TV.

    Improved Image Quality -
    While browsing the Hulu app, you’ll notice that the images for your Hulu favorites are crisper and clearer than before.

    Bug fixes -
    Those critters keep crawling back up but we keep flushing them back down. We’ve got these bugs beat.
Version 5.35 (Nov 7, 2018)
    No-shave November is upon us, and you bet we’ll be honoring this shaggy tradition here at Hulu. Now that we don’t have to spend time cutting hair or trimming beards, we’re devoting extra time and attention to enhancing the app.

    Improvements: We enabled lock-screen controls for Chromecast. Gone are the days when you had to unlock your phone to pause the show or rewind to a favorite part. Simply pick up your phone and the controls are there.

    We also updated the screen orientation flow for iPads to make it easier when you’re switching from landscape to portrait mode, and vice versa. No need to crane your neck anymore to watch TV.

    Fix: Halloween may be old news, but some bugs don’t squash easy. No treat for the bugs meant lots of tricks on Hulu, but fear not. We put on our hats, whipped out our wands, and the creepy crawlers are now gone. RIP bugs.
Version 5.34 (Oct 17, 2018)
    New: You can now edit and delete profiles in app! Of course, you still have the option to do so on hulu.com, but we wanted to save you some time and help you do so with a couple of swipes and taps.

    Improvements: By now we have practically become entomologists. We know bugs’ rituals and cycles; we know where they gather to eat, drink, and talk about the latest thing they crashed; we know their cliques, and we know what they had for lunch. Oh yeah, that’s how good we’ve become. Bugs… we are going to get you!
Version 5.33 (Oct 4, 2018)
    Improvement: Some bugs have been squashed.
Version 5.32.1 (Sep 26, 2018)
    Fix: We heard some of you with live TV couldn’t watch your favorite local channels. But, thanks to some speedy work from our team, you can resume (accurately!) chatting about the weather.
Version 5.32 (Sep 24, 2018)
    Improvement: We’ve accepted that those bugs won’t swat themselves. So, we took some time to clean things up and make a few aesthetic improvements to ensure you enjoy our app even more.
Version 5.30 (Sep 10, 2018)
    Fix: We worked on tiny and not-so-tiny fixes that are hard to describe. Just trust us when we say that these changes will make a difference in the long run.
Version 5.29.3 (Sep 5, 2018)
    Fix: We’ve told you before that we are always in the hunt for bugs. While searching for the big one, we stumbled upon other creepy crawlies that were causing trouble. They are goners too.
Version 5.29.2 (Aug 22, 2018)
    Fix: You know which bugs suck the most? Crashing bugs. We thought we got rid of ALL the bugs last time (or at least MOST), but there was a little pesky one that was causing lots of trouble when some of you tried launching our app. We quickly put on our bug-squashing gear, tracked it down, and made it eat dirt (which it thought was just fine – bugs love dirt).
Version 5.29.1 (Aug 18, 2018)
    Let’s face it. Some bugs are pretty sweet. Butterflies, for example. Or beetles. Heck, fireflies are amazing. But, somehow, the ones that end up in our app are always annoying little critters. They don’t have colorful wings, their butts don’t lit up, and they aren’t even edible! So, we end up in the sad situation of having to kill them. We think we did a good job this release, so you should be able to move around without any bug disruption. Until they find their way back in and we need to repeat the cycle.
Version 5.29 (Aug 14, 2018)
    Let’s face it. Some bugs are pretty sweet. Butterflies, for example. Or beetles. Heck, fireflies are amazing. But, somehow, the ones that end up in our app are always annoying little critters. They don’t have colorful wings, their butts don’t lit up, and they aren’t even edible! So, we end up in the sad situation of having to kill them. We think we did a good job this release, so you should be able to move around without any bug disruption. Until they find their way back in and we need to repeat the cycle.
Version 5.28 (Aug 6, 2018)
    - New: We are coming up with new ways for you to personalize what shows up on your Live Guide. Before, you could only filter channels by Recent or All, but now you have more options. See a selection of channels that are relevant to you, like Sports or News. Learn what’s coming up soon on your own terms.
    - New: Autoplay is now enabled with video clips. You asked for it. We aren’t sure about the use case, but go ahead and watch clips all day!
    - Improvement: We made some changes to the Guide for on-demand content. You get badges, content in batches, and hopefully, less crashes.
    - Fix: We worked on tiny and not-so-tiny fixes that are hard to describe. Just trust us when we say that these changes will make a difference in the long run.
Version 5.27 (Jul 23, 2018)
    Fix: We released so many new features the last couple of months that for this update we had to take a break and stick to regular upkeeping. We did a deep clean and got rid of some bugs here and there.
Version 5.26 (Jun 28, 2018)
    Fix: There was a big nasty bug eating part of our code, which caused our app to crash randomly. It was driving us —and YOU— nuts! It took us some time to find it, but we finally figured out how to track it down and wipe it out.

    Fix: We've told you before that we are always in the hunt for bugs. While searching for the big one, we stumbled upon other creepy crawlies that were causing trouble. They are goners too.
Version 5.25.1 (Jun 15, 2018)
    It sure feels like summer: look at all those bugs! Eeek! Fortunately, we got our PhDs in Bug-killing, so we rolled up our sleeves and got to work.
    Fix: We had some issues with closed captions while casting. For starters, caption settings were greyed out; however, you could still toggle between On and Off. Confusing, right? If somehow you figured out that you could still select On and you were expecting it to work, bad news: closed captions would not appear on the videos you were casting. Sorry about that. We killed that bug as soon as we spotted it, so everything should work smoothly now.

    Fix: Oh right. There was another casting bug. If you clicked the Cast icon mid-playback, the video would start playing from the beginning. It should definitely start from the position you were. We went ahead and got rid of that one too.
Version 5.25 (Jun 14, 2018)
    It sure feels like summer: look at all those bugs! Eeek! Fortunately, we got our PhDs in Bug-killing, so we rolled up our sleeves and got to work.

    Fix: We had some issues with closed captions while casting. For starters, caption settings were greyed out; however, you could still toggle between On and Off. Confusing, right? If somehow you figured out that you could still select On and you were expecting it to work, bad news: closed captions would not appear on the videos you were casting. Sorry about that. We killed that bug as soon as we spotted it, so everything should work smoothly now.

    Fix: Oh right. There was another casting bug. If you clicked the Cast icon mid-playback, the video would start playing from the beginning. It should definitely start from the position you were. We went ahead and got rid of that one too.
Version 5.24 (Jun 4, 2018)
    Improvement: You binge-watched all your recorded shows? Boot them away with fewer taps! Before, you had to select and choose to delete EACH video on your Cloud DVR. Now you can multi-select, and delete in bulk all those episodes and movies that are just taking up your valuable storage space.


    Fix: We do this on each release, so no surprises here: we crushed some annoying bugs! (TBH, it’s part of our job description).
Version 5.23.1 (May 24, 2018)
    New: Find all your live TV in one place. If you are a Hulu with Live TV subscriber, you’ll see a lightning icon in your app’s global navigation. From now on that will be the place you go if you want to see what’s live. Playback will start immediately on your last-watched channel.
    New: We learned from your feedback that if you are a Hulu with Live TV viewer, you are always FOMOing. You want to know whether there’s something better on TV right now, and you think channels are the best way to find out what that is.

    So, lo and behold the feature that is going to make this possible on Hulu:

    Live Guide.

    So, what is it exactly?

    * Live Guide is a next-generation experience that will help cord-cutters, traditional cable users, and everyone in between find what to watch as quickly as possible. It's slick, without any unnecessary details that would get in the way of your watching experience.


    How does it work?

    * Launch Live Guide anytime while watching live TV by holding your phone vertically -- or hitting the exit fullscreen icon (which actually takes you into portrait player). 

    * Live Guide shows a list of all your recently watched channels. Scroll to the right on each of the channel rows to see what’s coming up. 


    * By default, the Live Guide shows your recently watched channels. But you can always select All Channels to see an A-Z list of all channels.

    * With just one click you’ll be able to record any program playing now or in the future

    * (Yes, it’s a TV guide. But way better.)

    * When you're ready to watch, tap your show choice and rotate your device horizontally to watch it full-screen.


    New: So, on this release, we brought you Live Guide, but we also redesigned the way you can look up on-demand content.

    How do you get to it?

    * Select any episode of on-demand show

    * Turn your phone vertically to see the guide with the next episodes of that show, content from My Stuff and recommended content. 

    * Turn it back horizontally to watch your program full-screen. 


    New: You were loud and clear on this one. You wanted better ways in which you could tell us what content you REALLY like (and which one you could care less). We made it happen with these two new features:

    * Remove from Watch History: Remove items that “mistakenly” ended up on your profile’s Watch History (whether you went to sleep with the TV on and woke up knee-deep into a random season, or your partner was too lazy to switch to their profile and binged like there was no tomorrow). To get rid of shows that you don’t want to watch anymore, select the Remove icon on the Keep Watching Collection. You can also check out all your watching history by scrolling to the bottom of the Keep Watching collection and selecting All Watch History. Then, click on the three dots of every show that you want to remove from that hub.


    * Stop suggesting this: You can now improve the quality of in-app recommendations by down-voting shows that don’t apply to you. If you see suggestions in your lineup that you don’t like, tap on the Stop Suggesting button to make them go away forevah. Access this feature via the context menu on recommended collections (Lineup, News, TV, Movies, and Kids) on the Home screen.


    New: Hold your horses. We have ANOTHER update. And this is a big one for a lot of you. We brought back HDMI support! Use your iOS device to connect to an external display with an HDMI Lightning adapter. (Apple approved Lightning-to-HDMI adapters highly recommended).

    New: And last but not least… the Chromecast controller is now your remote of the future! It looks better, feels better and does more for you.
Version 5.23 (May 22, 2018)
    New: Find all your live TV in one place. If you are a Hulu with Live TV subscriber, you’ll see a lightning icon in your app’s global navigation. From now on that will be the place you go if you want to see what’s live. Playback will start immediately on your last-watched channel.

    New: We learned from your feedback that if you are a Hulu with Live TV viewer, you are always FOMOing. You want to know whether there’s something better on TV right now, and you think channels are the best way to find out what that is.

    So, lo and behold the feature that is going to make this possible on Hulu:

    Live Guide.

    So, what is it exactly?

    * Live Guide is a next-generation experience that will help cord-cutters, traditional cable users, and everyone in between find what to watch as quickly as possible. It's slick, without any unnecessary details that would get in the way of your watching experience.


    How does it work?

    * Launch Live Guide anytime while watching live TV by holding your phone vertically -- or hitting the exit fullscreen icon (which actually takes you into portrait player). 

    * Live Guide shows a list of all your recently watched channels. Scroll to the right on each of the channel rows to see what’s coming up. 


    * By default, the Live Guide shows your recently watched channels. But you can always select All Channels to see an A-Z list of all channels.

    * With just one click you’ll be able to record any program playing now or in the future

    * (Yes, it’s a TV guide. But way better.)

    * When you're ready to watch, tap your show choice and rotate your device horizontally to watch it full-screen.


    New: So, on this release, we brought you Live Guide, but we also redesigned the way you can look up on-demand content.

    How do you get to it?

    * Select any episode of on-demand show

    * Turn your phone vertically to see the guide with the next episodes of that show, content from My Stuff and recommended content. 

    * Turn it back horizontally to watch your program full-screen. 


    New: You were loud and clear on this one. You wanted better ways in which you could tell us what content you REALLY like (and which one you could care less). We made it happen with these two new features:

    * Remove from Watch History: Remove items that “mistakenly” ended up on your profile’s Watch History (whether you went to sleep with the TV on and woke up knee-deep into a random season, or your partner was too lazy to switch to their profile and binged like there was no tomorrow). To get rid of shows that you don’t want to watch anymore, select the Remove icon on the Keep Watching Collection. You can also check out all your watching history by scrolling to the bottom of the Keep Watching collection and selecting All Watch History. Then, click on the three dots of every show that you want to remove from that hub.


    * Stop suggesting this: You can now improve the quality of in-app recommendations by down-voting shows that don’t apply to you. If you see suggestions in your lineup that you don’t like, tap on the Stop Suggesting button to make them go away forevah. Access this feature via the context menu on recommended collections (Lineup, News, TV, Movies, and Kids) on the Home screen.


    New: Hold your horses. We have ANOTHER update. And this is a big one for a lot of you. We brought back HDMI support! Use your iOS device to connect to an external display with an HDMI Lightning adapter. (Apple approved Lightning-to-HDMI adapters highly recommended).

    New: And last but not least… the Chromecast controller is now your remote of the future! It looks better, feels better and does more for you.
Version 5.22 (May 14, 2018)
    Fix: Routine pest control. We killed some nasty bugs.
Version 5.21 (Apr 26, 2018)
    New: There’s a new player in town! As always, your feedback was on point and got us thinking of ways to polish our player and wash away your biggest pain points. Check out some of its new features and improvements:

    Hold your finger down anywhere on the screen to begin seeking, which allows you to forward/rewind the video with greater precision.
    Skip forward button will now fast forward the video by 30 seconds
    Tap screen quickly to fast forward the video in 30 seconds increments
    Tap once on the screen and select More Content to navigate to other Hulu content
Version 5.20 (Apr 9, 2018)
    New: You can now get to the content you love without even opening the Hulu app itself! What kind of sorcery is this? Well, it’s our new Widget! It lets you resume videos you were already watching straight from your lock screen.

    Add our Widget with these simple steps:

    1. Swipe right over the Home screen of your iPhone/iPad, Lock screen, or while you're looking at your notifications
    2. From there, scroll to the bottom and tap Edit
    3. Find Hulu in the list of More Widgets and tap (+)
    4. You should see the Hulu Widget at the bottom of your list. (Pro tip: reorder them by touching, holding and dragging them in the order that you want).
    5. Access anytime by repeating step 1


    Improvement: You would think that by now your iPad app SHOULD have learned that it belongs to you and you only. You’ve been probably wishing it wouldn’t ask you to select your profile every-dang-time you want to watch Hulu. But naw. It just kept asking. Good news is those days are over! We finally got to work on this issue, and you can now set a default profile and MAKE your app remember you. Problem solved!

    However, in case you DO share your iPad (or your iPhone, ‘cause anything goes, really), you can still choose to have the profile select screen show up every time you launch our app. To each their own ¯\_(ツ)_/¯


    Improvement: We’re always on bug-killing duty. It's a tough job, but somebody’s gotta do it.
Version 5.19 (Mar 26, 2018)
    New: Quick Actions are now a thing on our app. They allow you to perform useful app-specific actions right from the Home screen. Use them on devices that support 3D Touch (like iPhones 6s and above):

    1. Find the Hulu app icon on your Home screen and apply pressure on it (a lil’ bit more than you use for tap and hold)
    2. The screen will blur and you will see the shortcuts for Search and My Stuff
    3. That’s it!

    New: iPhone X pinch to zoom is here!

    Improvement: Hulu's UX team lives for things that look nice AND work nicely. So, in their incessant quest for the perfect user experience, they’ve been at it again and made the Onboarding flow even better.
Version 5.18.1 (Mar 13, 2018)
    Some of you were launching our app, and after the Hulu welcome screen came up, you would be kicked out. The workaround was no fun since you had to delete and re-install the app. We don’t want you to waste your precious time and data, so we implemented a quick fix. It should be good to go.

    Fill your brackets, place your bets, college basketball is here! And so is our new March Madness experience for Hulu with Live TV. You pick the teams you want to follow before the frenzy begins – and then you’ll know where and when they’ll play, and we’ll record their games so you can watch later.

    What is basketball, you say? No worries! Just root for your favorite underdog mammal, pick based on a geographic bias, ask a Ouija board – anything goes, really. That’s what makes March so dang mad. And that’s Bracketology 101, kids.
Version 5.18 (Mar 8, 2018)
    ***If you are experiencing the "crash on launch" issue please try deleting and re-installing the app. If this doesn't fix the issue, please contact Hulu support at http://hulu.com/help ***


    Our developers pulled all-nighters and dined on Soylent for days straight just to fix the bugs that you called out. Good news is they didn’t do it in vain. Our app looks and runs better. Take it for a spin.
Version 5.17 (Feb 26, 2018)
    All bugs are pests, whether tiny or grotesque. We found small ones that made our app slow – so obviously those had to go. There were BIG ones that messed up our show descriptions – so we wrote them all mean letters of eviction. And there was one who crashed live playback – who got smashed thanks to your awesome feedback!
Version 5.16 (Feb 6, 2018)
    Fix: We killed a bug that was graying out the option to turn on captions in on-demand content. For obvious reasons, fixing this was a top priority as soon as we learned about it.

    Fix: Routine pest control. We killed some other nasty bugs.
Version 5.15.1 (Jan 30, 2018)
    New: We’re in the process of revamping our DVR. In the following months, you’ll see My Stuff and DVR transform into a more personalized experience.

    Thanks to this specific update, you can now add content to MyStuff without necessarily recording it (save that precious DVR space!).

    Also, you’ll see new recording options presented as a pop-up modal. Decide between: Recording the whole series, recording only new episodes, or recording new episodes AND reruns. We are reducing your chances of missing your favorite shows by 80%. (We just made that up, but if we really did the math... the percentage would still be pretty high.)

    One caveat: to access recording options for Sports and Leagues, you will need to add your teams to MyStuff (there’s currently no auto-record feature).
Version 5.15 (Jan 29, 2018)
    New: We’re in the process of revamping our DVR. In the following months, you’ll see My Stuff and DVR transform into a more personalized experience.

    Thanks to this specific update, you can now add content to MyStuff without necessarily recording it (save that precious DVR space!).

    Also, you’ll see new recording options presented as a pop-up modal. Decide between: Recording the whole series, recording only new episodes, or recording new episodes AND reruns. We are reducing your chances of missing your favorite shows by 80%. (We just made that up, but if we really did the math... the percentage would still be pretty high.)

    One caveat: to access recording options for Sports and Leagues, you will need to add your teams to MyStuff (there’s currently no auto-record feature).
Version 5.14 (Jan 16, 2018)
    Bug fixes and UI improvements!
Version 5.13.1 (Dec 19, 2017)
    New: It’s a fact that Hulu has tons of shows from a variety of content providers. It’s also a fact that it can get complicated to keep track of what you can watch, when you can watch, and until when you can watch it. To set the right expectations for you, our newest update includes a “Latest Episodes” badge for our on-demand content. Whenever you see it you’ll know that we have a limited number of episodes of that show. Hulu doesn’t always have full series or full seasons available for all content. We know, we know! But we hope this badge helps you plan accordingly and don’t miss out on shows that have a shorter shelf-life.

    New: Give your fingers a rest with Apple’s Single sign-on feature. You will now be able to login with your Hulu account by selecting Hulu as your Apple TV Provider across all Apple devices. After you have signed in, the Hulu app will sign you in automatically from now on.

    Improvement: TV built around you should bring you right to the episode you want - and not make you dig through spoilers. Thanks to this update, when you go to the Episodes tab of a show, you'll find the episode you left off at the top of the list. And if you are starting a show from the very beginning, you’ll be presented with an ordered list.

    Improvement: Take full advantage of what My Stuff offers. Whenever you roll over or click on the + icon on a show’s Details page, you’ll know what it will do thanks to an on-screen message. So, you’ll either see: “Add [name of show] to My Stuff to save for the future”, or “Add [name of show] to My Stuff to keep track and record new episodes”.
Version 5.12 (Nov 21, 2017)
    We improved our look and feel. Also we did some routine pest control: we squished some pesky bugs!
Version 5.11 (Nov 13, 2017)
    Slicker swiping, smoother scrolling, and smarter onboarding.
Version 5.10 (Oct 30, 2017)
    We’ve made a number of tweaks and updates to make your TV experience a little smoother. Less time navigating Hulu means more time watching Hulu. Enjoy!
Version 5.9 (Oct 21, 2017)
    New: Picture-in-picture is back! Supported iPad users can keep browsing Hulu, or even leave our app, and continue watching your shows on this small but mighty new screen.

    New: Good things are coming. And in preparation for that, you will see an opt-in dialog to accept Hulu notifications. You won’t be receiving them yet, but when the time comes, you’ll be as excited as we are about them.

    Improvement: We brought back the feature to pause and resume playback with Apple supported headphones and Bluetooth accessories. We are sorry we took it off for a bit!
Version 5.8 (Oct 6, 2017)
    Our revamped badging system will help you identify content availability. For example, "New" badges on both live and on-demand shows will point you to the next best episode to watch, whether this is airing right now or if it’s something you missed and it’s now on-demand.

    There’s so much to watch and sometimes not enough time. We want to give you as much info as possible with fewer clicks so you can make better choices. Now, whenever you go to the context menu (those three little dots on the corner of a video tile), we are surfacing more details about the show, game or movie.
Version 5.8.1 (Oct 6, 2017)
    Our revamped badging system will help you identify content availability. For example, "New" badges on both live and on-demand shows will point you to the next best episode to watch, whether this is airing right now or if it’s something you missed and it’s now on-demand.

    There’s so much to watch and sometimes not enough time. We want to give you as much info as possible with fewer clicks so you can make better choices. Now, whenever you go to the context menu (those three little dots on the corner of a video tile), we are surfacing more details about the show, game or movie.
Version 5.7 (Sep 21, 2017)
    Improvement: Fewer clicks, more sports. When you search for a league and select its respective tile on the search results, you will then go to the Games menu with a grid of all available and upcoming matches.

    Improvement: We keep making small changes that have big impacts on how you interact with Hulu. From perfecting our flip tray and error messaging to killing bugs and improving stability, we believe they add up to a better experience. Enjoy!
Version 5.6.1 (Sep 9, 2017)
    We made some adjustments towards better readability and legibility. Squinting is no fun, so we increased the weight of our font. Space is as important as words, so we changed the leading, padding, and spacing.

    In certain scenarios, the player would cause the app to crash during playback. We’ve fixed that. We are now more stable!

    Chromecast wouldn’t remember your Autoplay settings? That’s a thing of the past. Now it will.
Version 5.6 (Sep 5, 2017)
    We made some adjustments towards better readability and legibility. Squinting is no fun, so we increased the weight of our font. Space is as important as words, so we changed the leading, padding, and spacing.

    In certain scenarios, the player would cause the app to crash during playback. We’ve fixed that. We are now more stable!

    Chromecast wouldn’t remember your Autoplay settings? That’s a thing of the past. Now it will.
Version 5.5 (Aug 22, 2017)
    We’ve made some ch-ch-ch-changes.

    Welcome to a new Hulu experience – more personalized, intuitive, and customizable than ever before. Enjoy all your TV in one place.

    In this version of our app, enjoy the following:
    •New onboarding experience to help you build the Hulu you want right from the beginning.
    •All-new home that makes it easier to find the most timely and relevant things for you to watch right now.
    •Track everything in My Stuff – manage your shows, movies, networks, and more.
    •Watch and browse at the same time by using Fliptray. Just tap the Fliptray button during playback.
    •If you have Hulu with Live TV, you can record live TV to your Cloud DVR – plus, stream 50+ top Live and On Demand TV channels. Sports fans can watch and record games! Upgrade options also include the ability to add Unlimited Screens and Enhanced Cloud DVR.
    * You can also customize your service by adding SHOWTIME®, HBO and Cinemax.

    Visit the Hulu Help Center to learn more about the new Hulu experience and live TV
Version 4.10.1 (Feb 14, 2017)
    • Bug fixes
Version 4.10 (Jan 17, 2017)
    • Profiles - Creating individual profiles enables you to keep track of all of your favorite shows and movies regardless of what other viewers in your household watch. Each profile created within the same Hulu account will have its own personalized Watchlist, recommendations, and viewing history, allowing everyone to get the most out of their Hulu experience. You can also create profiles for your kids, where they can watch kid-friendly content without worrying about mature shows or movies being recommended to them. More info: https://help.hulu.com/articles/53878582

    • Additional optimizations and improvements
Version 4.9.7 (Dec 5, 2016)
    *Bug fixes and improvements
Version 4.9.6 (Nov 14, 2016)
    *Badges to differentiate new, expiring, and to watch vs caught up.
    *Bug fixes and improvements.
Version 4.9.5 (Oct 13, 2016)
    Bug fixes & Improvements
Version 4.9.4 (Sep 29, 2016)
    Bug fixes and improvements
Version 4.9.3 (Aug 30, 2016)
    Performance improvements & bug fixes
Version 4.9.2 (Jul 19, 2016)
    improvements and bug fixes
Version 4.9.1 (Jun 27, 2016)
    Fixed potential crash for Apple Watch users using iOS 9.2 and below.
Version 4.9 (Jun 20, 2016)
    - Updates for watchOS 2
    - Fix for Vizio Smartcast bug
Version 4.8.2 (Jun 2, 2016)
    Improvements:
    - New Episode badge bug fixes
    - Remote control updates
Version 4.8.1 (Apr 27, 2016)
    Bug fixes
Version 4.8 (Apr 13, 2016)
    * 3D Touch support for home screen quick actions to resume playback (iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus)
    * Bugs fixes and improvements
Version 4.7.4 (Mar 16, 2016)
    Bug fixes and improvements.
Version 4.7.3 (Mar 7, 2016)
    - Performance improvements for scrolling and bug fixes.
Version 4.7.2 (Feb 10, 2016)
    - Deep linking support for notifications.
Version 4.7.1 (Dec 16, 2015)
    An ALL-NEW iPhone app, rebuilt from the ground up to make your favorite shows and movies easier to find. Additionally, we've brought the Kid's lock functionality to iPhone, to keep your little ones within the Kid's hub when enabled.
Version 4.7.0 (Dec 14, 2015)
    An ALL-NEW iPhone app, rebuilt from the ground up to make your favorite shows and movies easier to find. Additionally, we've brought the Kid's lock functionality to iPhone, to keep your little ones within the Kid's hub when enabled.
Version 4.6.5 (Nov 30, 2015)
    Performance improvements and bug fixes
Version 4.6.4 (Oct 28, 2015)
    Support for App Search
Version 4.6.3 (Oct 22, 2015)
    Additional support for iOS 9. PiP optimized for 9.1.
Version 4.6.2 (Oct 6, 2015)
    Additional support for iOS 9
Version 4.6.1 (Sep 16, 2015)
    Picture in Picture for iOS9 has arrived! After starting your video, get back to that email you have been meaning to write while binging on The Mindy Project!
    iOS 9 Support
    Additional bug fixes
Version 4.5.1 (Sep 2, 2015)
    • Performance improvements and bug fixes
Version 4.5.0 (Aug 26, 2015)
    • Autoplay is here for iPhone! Binge on your favorite shows easier, right on your iPhone or when casting!
    • Performance optimizations
    • Bug fixes for VoiceOver users
Version 4.4.2 (Jul 27, 2015)
    • Apple Watch support is here! Use your Apple Watch as a remote to control your playback experience.
    • Performance improvements and bug fixes
Version 4.4.1 (Jul 17, 2015)
    • Apple Watch support is here! Use your Apple Watch as a remote to control your playback experience and captions on Xbox One, PS3, PS4 and Chromecast
    • Performance improvements and bug fixes
Version 4.4.0 (Jul 15, 2015)
    • Apple Watch support is here! Use your Apple Watch as a remote to control your playback experience and captions on Xbox One, PS3, PS4 and Chromecast
    • Performance improvements and bug fixes
Version 4.3.2 (Jul 6, 2015)
    • Performance improvements and bug fixes
Version 4.3.1 (May 18, 2015)
    • Just made the navigation icons slightly more awesome
    • Performance improvements and bug fixes
Version 4.3.0 (Apr 27, 2015)
    • New navigation that makes it easy to discover personalized and editorially curated shows and clips, catchup with the shows you watch and browse Hulu's full catalogue.
    • iOS Handoff that lets you continue watching where you left off, right from the lock screen of your iOS 8 devices
    • Watchlist is now available. It’s a new way to keep track of all your shows and movies. Get it now at hulu.com/getwatchlist
Version 4.2.1 (Mar 18, 2015)
    Performance improvements and bug fixes
Version 4.2.0 (Feb 12, 2015)
    • Performance improvements and bug fixes
Version 4.1.2 (Jan 12, 2015)
    • Performance improvements and bug fixes
Version 4.1.1 (Dec 10, 2014)
    • Performance improvements and bug fixes
    • Enabled HD video on iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
Version 4.1.0 (Dec 1, 2014)
    Performance improvements and bug fixes including playback and autoplay-related issues.
Version 4.0.2 (Nov 11, 2014)
    New in 4.0.2:
    Performance improvements and bug fixes including Chromecast disconnection and HDMI orientation issues
Version 4.0.1 (Oct 27, 2014)
    New in 4.0.1:

    • On popular demand, we've added access to the Queue from the navigation panel in addition to the heart icon on the action tray
    • Other bug fixes and performance improvements including Chromecast

    Also, fresh from 4.0.0:

    We’ve redesigned the Hulu Plus app for iPhone from the ground up to create a focused and simple experience. And it is optimized for iOS8 and the new iPhone6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

    Here are the key features:

    • Home – Best content of the day on Hulu, handpicked and curated by our expert editorial team
    • Shows You Watch – Swipe left form anywhere in the app for easy access to all the shows you are currently watching, personalized to your viewing habits
    • Navigation – Swipe right from anywhere in the app to discover the entire breadth of the Hulu catalogue from TV, Movies, Kids, Latino, British and Hulu Originals
    • Player – Brand new player with cleaner controls and a nested menu for rich features like captions, share and cast to TV
    • Action Tray – Scroll down on any page do expose the action tray at the top for quick access to search, queue and cast to TV features from anywhere in the app
    • Search – Reimagined search with contextually grouped results by category. Access search from the action tray, anywhere in the app
    • Queue – Access all your saved videos from the heart icon on the action tray, available from anywhere in the app just a pull away
    • Remote control – stream and control your viewing experience on the big screen via Apple TV, Chromecast, Xbox1, PS3 and PS4
    • Share – Share your favorite videos with your friends on Facebook, Twitter, text and email
Version 4.0.0 (Oct 2, 2014)
    We’ve redesigned the Hulu Plus app for iPhone from the ground up to create a focused and simple experience. And it is optimized for iOS8 and the new iPhone6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

    Here are the key features:

    • Home – Best content of the day on Hulu, handpicked and curated by our expert editorial team
    • Shows You Watch – Swipe left form anywhere in the app for easy access to all the shows you are currently watching, personalized to your viewing habits
    • Navigation – Swipe right from anywhere in the app to discover the entire breadth of the Hulu catalogue from TV, Movies, Kids, Latino, British and Hulu Originals
    • Player – Brand new player with cleaner controls and a nested menu for rich features like captions, share and cast to TV
    • Action Tray – Scroll down on any page do expose the action tray at the top for quick access to search, queue and cast to TV features from anywhere in the app
    • Search – Reimagined search with contextually grouped results by category. Access search from the action tray, anywhere in the app
    • Queue – Access all your saved videos from the heart icon on the action tray, available from anywhere in the app just a pull away
    • Remote control – stream and control your viewing experience on the big screen via Apple TV, Chromecast, Xbox1, PS3 and PS4
    • Share – Share your favorite videos with your friends on Facebook, Twitter, text and email

    Fasten your seat belts and get ready to enjoy hit new shows from Fall TV, like How to Get Away with Murder, Gotham and Mysteries of Laura with the new Hulu Plus app…all for the love of TV.
Version 3.6.0 (Aug 19, 2014)
    Performance enhancements and bug fixes
Version 3.5.3 (May 14, 2014)
    • Fixed the white screen issue including other bug fixes and performance enhancements
Version 3.5.2 (Apr 24, 2014)
    • Now cast and control your favorite TV shows and movies on Xbox One, PS4 and PS3 from your iPhone and iPad (iOS6 and above). Make sure you are logged in with the same Hulu Plus account on your living room and mobile devices. 
Version 3.5.1 (Apr 5, 2014)
    • Performance enhancements and bug fixes including a fix for the recent white screen issue on iPad 
Version 3.5 (Feb 21, 2014)
    • Enhanced captions support in settings menu

    • Bug fixes and performance enhancements
Version v3.4.2 (Dec 27, 2013)
    Fix for a rare crash when application is opened
Version 3.4.1 (Dec 27, 2013)
    Bug fixes.
Version 3.4 (Dec 12, 2013)
    Upgraded video quality for iPhone



    Other bug fixes and performance enhancements including premature removal of videos from queue on starting playback
Version 3.3.3 (Oct 28, 2013)
    Bug fixes

    From version 3.3.1:
    Start casting your favorite TV shows and Movies on Chromecast from Hulu Plus, now from your iPhone (iOS6 and above)
Version 3.3.2 (Oct 23, 2013)
    Bug fixes
Version 3.3.1 (Oct 21, 2013)
    Start casting your favorite TV shows and Movies on Chromecast from Hulu Plus, now from your iPhone (iOS6 and above)
Version 3.3 (Oct 2, 2013)
    • Start casting your favorite TV shows and Movies on Google Chromecast from Hulu Plus on your iPad (iPad2 / iOS6 and above)
    • Chromecast support for iPhone to follow soon
    • Other bug fixes
Version 3.2 (Sep 18, 2013)
    • Made the app iOS7 compatible
    • Airplay enabled for iOS7 users
    • Airdrop support for iOS7 to allow sharing of videos and shows to users nearby

    iPad only :

    • New episode badges on show pages for instant notifications
    • New list view for easy browsing
Version 3.1.1 (Aug 7, 2013)
    Fixed a minor issue with seeking across the video timeline for iPhone.

    From version 3.1:

    iPad :
    • New episode badges on Show you Watch for instant notifications
    • Super sonic scrubbing that will make finding those favorite moments easy and snappy
    • Instant access to playing content or add to queue from search itself
    • New exciting trays that showcase movie trailers and movies in the best possible way

    iPhone :
    • Fixed bug on deleting items from your watch history
    • Just a few extra optimizations and bug fixes
Version 3.1 (Aug 2, 2013)
    iPad :

    • New episode badges on Show you Watch for instant notifications
    • Super sonic scrubbing that will make finding those favorite moments easy and snappy
    • Instant access to playing content or add to queue from search itself
    • New exciting trays that showcase movie trailers and movies in the best possible way

    iPhone :

    • Fixed bug on deleting items from your watch history
    • Just a few extra optimizations and bug fixes
Version 3.0.1 (Jun 12, 2013)
    Just a few extra optimizations and bug fixes.

    From version 3.0:

    We're excited to introduce you to an entirely new Hulu Plus experience for iPad. In addition to hundreds of internal optimizations, the Hulu Plus app has been redesigned to make browsing more enjoyable than ever and help you discover new and exciting shows with ease. Some things to look out for:


    • Minimize a video during playback by tapping the minimize icon or "pinching" the video. The video will continue playing at the bottom of the screen while you use the app to browse, search, or do anything else you can think of.


    • Tap on an image of any episode, show, or season to take a peek at what's inside using the new discovery panel. Have fun casually exploring old episodes within a season or learning more about a new show with as little effort as possible. (Want to get straight to watching content? Just double-tap any image).


    • Check out collections of editorially curated shows, clips, and movies. We recommend starting with the “Trending Now” collection of the day’s hottest clips – it’s a great way to see what everybody’s talking about right now.


    • Watch clips and short-form content inline, just one tap away.


    We've made sure to keep all of your favorite features intact, including the popular Kids Lock (iPad-only) which limits the app to ad-free, safe and enjoyable content from our selection of Kids programming.
    Give it a try and let us know what you think at mobilesupport@hulu.com.
Version 3.0 (Jun 6, 2013)
    We're excited to introduce you to an entirely new Hulu Plus experience for iPad. In addition to hundreds of internal optimizations, the Hulu Plus app has been redesigned to make browsing more enjoyable than ever and help you discover new and exciting shows with ease. Some things to look out for:

    • Minimize a video during playback by tapping the minimize icon or "pinching" the video. The video will continue playing at the bottom of the screen while you use the app to browse, search, or do anything else you can think of.

    • Tap on an image of any episode, show, or season to take a peek at what's inside using the new discovery panel. Have fun casually exploring old episodes within a season or learning more about a new show with as little effort as possible. (Want to get straight to watching content? Just double-tap any image).

    • Check out collections of editorially curated shows, clips, and movies. We recommend starting with the “Trending Now” collection of the day’s hottest clips – it’s a great way to see what everybody’s talking about right now.

    • Watch clips and short-form content inline, just one tap away.

    We've made sure to keep all of your favorite features intact, including the popular Kids Lock (iPad-only) which limits the app to ad-free, safe and enjoyable content from our selection of Kids programming.

    Give it a try and let us know what you think at mobilesupport@hulu.com.
Version 2.7.1 (Mar 18, 2013)
    Fixed a minor bug affecting Japan users.



    Also from our most recent version:



    • Kids Lock (iPad-only). By enabling Kids Lock, the Hulu Plus app will be limited to ad-free, safe and enjoyable content from our selection of Kids programming.
Version 2.7 (Feb 13, 2013)
    Introducing Kids Lock (iPad-only). By enabling Kids Lock, the Hulu Plus app will be limited to ad-free, safe and enjoyable content from our selection of Kids programming. To enable this feature, select the Kids tab and then the "Kids Lock" button. To disable this feature, select the "Unlock Kids" button and enter your Hulu Plus password.

    Also includes access to Hulu's collection of video game trailers, various fixes and stability improvements.

    Other changes from recent versions:

    • Easy access to ad-free Kids content
    • Added support for on-screen captions and subtitles in English and select other languages, when available.
    • You can now share your favorite shows and episodes with your friends on Facebook, Twitter, and via email. No more printing out long URLs and paying for paper and expensive postage fees.
    • 10-second rewind in the player.
    • Several performance and stability improvements.
Version 2.6.3 (Nov 29, 2012)
    Now featuring easy access to ad-free Kids content.



    From version 2.6:



    Added support for on-screen captions and subtitles in English and select other languages, when available.



    Other changes:



    You can now share your favorite shows and episodes with your friends on Facebook, Twitter, and via email. No more printing out long URLs and paying for paper and expensive postage fees.

    10-second rewind in the player.

    Several performance and stability improvements.
Version 2.6.2 (Oct 2, 2012)
    Resolves some stability issues on the iPad.
Version 2.6.1 (Sep 20, 2012)
    This update includes optimizations for iPhone 5 and improved social sharing on iOS 6 devices.


    What's new in 2.6:

    Added support for on-screen captions and subtitles in English and select other languages, when available. Available on iOS 4.3 and higher.

    Other changes:
    • You can now share your favorite shows and episodes with your friends on Facebook, Twitter, and via email. No more printing out long URLs and paying for paper and expensive postage fees.
    • 10-second rewind in the player.
    • Several performance and stability improvements.
Version 2.6 (Sep 15, 2012)
    Added support for on-screen captions and subtitles in English and select other languages, when available. Available on iOS 4.3 and higher.

    Other changes:

    • You can now share your favorite shows and episodes with your friends on Facebook, Twitter, and via email. No more printing out long URLs and paying for paper and expensive postage fees.
    • 10-second rewind in the player.
    • Several performance and stability improvements.

    If you are experiencing any issues, please contact mobilesupport@hulu.com
Version 2.5.4 (Aug 18, 2012)
    Fixed several crashes, including those on startup on older iPhones and iPods.
Version 2.5.3 (Aug 6, 2012)
    This updates includes several bug fixes and memory optimizations and resolves an issue where the app would crash on start. If you are experiencing any issues, please contact mobilesupport@hulu.com and we'll be happy to help.
Version 2.5.2 (Jul 2, 2012)
    This update includes a fix that caused the app to crash on some devices using iOS 4.0 and 4.1.

    • Various UI improvements
    • New "Shows You Watch" feature; start watching shows and we'll automatically put them in an easily accessible place
    • Miscellaneous bug fixes and enhancements
Version 2.5.1 (Jun 12, 2012)
    What's New in Version 2.5.1

    2.5.1 contains a minor update to address issues with Hulu Plus on iOS 4.2.

    What’s New in Version 2.5

    • Support for browsing and discovering new shows by genres
    • Re-engineered, optimized video player
    • Updated, nicer, more graphical user interface (for iPad)
    • Retina support (3rd-generation iPad)
    • Improved AirPlay mirroring and HDMI support (iPad 2 and above, iPhone 4S and above); try it out in split view on the iPad!
    • Several bug fixes and enhancements
Version 2.5 (May 21, 2012)
    • Support for browsing and discovering new shows by genres
    • Re-engineered, optimized video player
    • Updated, nicer, more graphical user interface (for iPad)
    • Retina support (3rd-generation iPad)
    • Improved AirPlay mirroring and HDMI support (iPad 2 and above, iPhone 4S and above); try it out in split view on the iPad!
    • Miscellaneous bug fixes and enhancements
Version 2.4.3 (Feb 7, 2012)
    • Added ability to quickly resume or play the next episode in a series on iPad.

    • Added VoiceOver support.

    • Miscellaneous bug fixes.
Version 2.4.2 (Dec 19, 2011)
    • Added ability to quickly resume or play the next episode in a series. (iPhone/iPod only)
    • Added feature to reset Hulu Plus password from within the app
    • Added feature to contact customer support (iPhone/iPod only)
    • Added feature to clear the onboard image cache
    • Added feature to group queue videos by show (iPhone/iPod only)
    • Added feature to list episodes and clips by season (iPhone/iPod only)
    • Added feature to refresh queue, history, and subscriptions (iPad only)
    • Added feature to launch show page directly from search result page (iPad only)
    • Improved app start speed for iPhone/iPod
Version 2.4.1 (Nov 7, 2011)
    Miscellaneous improvements.
Version 2.4 (Sep 1, 2011)
    • Added ability to save an entire season to Queue
    • A subset of content includes closed captioning support
    • iPad 2 supports HDMI video out (standard definition only)
    • "Subscriptions" are now "Favorites"
    • Fixed miscellaneous bugs
Version 2.3.2 (Jun 17, 2011)
    Compliance with new rules for subscription-based apps.
Version 2.3.1 (May 12, 2011)
    * Fixed an issue that prevented lists of movies from being displayed correctly on iPhone.
    * Resolved a memory issue affecting a small number of users.
    * Issue with Resume functionality fixed
Version 2.3 (Apr 28, 2011)
    • Tabbed search results
    • Dedicated Criterion menu
    • iPad 2-specific updates
    • Simplified login screen
    • Performance improvements
    • Miscellaneous bug fixes
Version 2.1 (Nov 30, 2010)
    • Various preparations for iOS 4.2

    • Increased stability across all devices

    • Miscellaneous bug fixes
Version 2.0 (Nov 17, 2010)
    • New split-screen player on iPad
    • Enhanced queue and subscription management
    • Improved playback performance
    • New thumbnail behavior on iPad
    • Miscellaneous bug fixes
Version 1.2 (Sep 28, 2010)
    * Removed the limit on the number of search results
    * Reduced bandwidth consumption
    * Improved performance
    * Miscellaneous bug fixes
Version 1.1 (Sep 21, 2010)
    * Improved video playback
    * Additional cross-device resume functionality
    * Enhanced performance and stability
    * Miscellaneous bug fixes

Version 1.0 (Jun 25, 2010)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
STARZ
Freeform TV
Philo: Live & On-Demand TV
The CW
Peacock TV: Stream TV & Movies
SYFY
Paramount+
ALLBLK: TV & Film
Lifetime: TV Shows & Movies
FXNOW: Movies, Shows & Live TV
IQ Classifications
Genre: Entertainment
Subgenre: OTT
OTT
Apps where users can stream TV shows, movies, comedy specials, and live television online or offline.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
iPhone Market
2 times
on App Store homepage
3 times
on App Store category pages
Versions

    8.3.2
    Current release
    Dec 15, 2023
    8.3.0
    Oct 23, 2023
    8.2.0
    Aug 7, 2023
    8.1.0
    Jun 26, 2023
    8.0.1
    May 24, 2023
    7.50.1
    Apr 13, 2023
    7.50
    Apr 10, 2023
    7.49
    Mar 2, 2023
    7.48.1
    Feb 6, 2023
    7.48
    Jan 31, 2023
    7.47.2
    Jan 9, 2023
    7.47
    Dec 20, 2022
    7.47
    Dec 20, 2022
    7.46
    Nov 9, 2022
    7.45.1
    Oct 5, 2022
    7.45
    Sep 19, 2022
    7.44
    Jul 20, 2022
    7.43.2
    May 12, 2022
    7.43.1
    Apr 12, 2022
    7.43
    Apr 4, 2022
    7.42
    Mar 17, 2022
    7.41.1
    Feb 28, 2022
    7.41
    Feb 22, 2022
    7.40
    Jan 20, 2022
    7.39.3
    Dec 14, 2021
    7.39
    Dec 3, 2021
    7.38.1
    Nov 18, 2021
    7.38
    Nov 12, 2021
    7.36.1
    Oct 24, 2021
    7.36
    Oct 19, 2021
    7.35
    Oct 7, 2021
    7.34.1
    Sep 23, 2021
    7.34
    Sep 20, 2021
    7.33
    Sep 7, 2021
    7.32
    Aug 24, 2021
    7.31.1
    Aug 10, 2021
    7.31
    Aug 6, 2021
    7.30.0
    Jul 26, 2021
    7.29.2
    Jul 13, 2021
    7.29
    Jul 8, 2021
    7.28.1
    Jul 1, 2021
    7.28
    Jun 23, 2021
    7.27
    Jun 14, 2021
    7.26
    Jun 1, 2021
    7.25
    May 19, 2021
    7.24
    May 3, 2021
    7.23.2
    Apr 23, 2021
    7.23.1
    Apr 21, 2021
    7.23
    Apr 15, 2021
    7.22
    Apr 2, 2021
    7.21
    Mar 18, 2021
    7.20.1
    Mar 6, 2021
    7.18.1
    Feb 10, 2021
    7.17.1
    Jan 27, 2021
    7.17
    Jan 25, 2021
    7.16
    Jan 13, 2021
    7.15
    Dec 16, 2020
    7.14.1
    Dec 3, 2020
    7.14
    Dec 1, 2020
    7.13
    Nov 16, 2020
    7.12.1
    Oct 29, 2020
    7.12
    Oct 27, 2020
    7.11
    Oct 20, 2020
    7.10
    Oct 9, 2020
    7.9
    Sep 16, 2020
    7.8.2
    Sep 9, 2020
    7.8.1
    Sep 8, 2020
    7.8
    Sep 3, 2020
    7.7
    Aug 21, 2020
    7.6.1
    Aug 17, 2020
    7.6
    Aug 5, 2020
    7.5
    Jul 29, 2020
    7.4.2
    Jul 25, 2020
    7.4.1
    Jul 20, 2020
    7.4
    Jul 14, 2020
    7.3
    Jun 29, 2020
    7.2
    Jun 17, 2020
    7.1.1
    Jun 4, 2020
    7.1
    May 27, 2020
    7.0
    May 18, 2020
    6.16
    May 6, 2020
    6.15
    Apr 20, 2020
    6.14
    Apr 6, 2020
    6.13.1
    Mar 27, 2020
    6.13
    Mar 23, 2020
    6.12
    Mar 3, 2020
    6.11
    Feb 19, 2020
    6.10
    Feb 10, 2020
    6.9
    Jan 24, 2020
    6.8.1
    Dec 20, 2019
    6.8
    Dec 16, 2019
    6.7
    Dec 5, 2019
    6.6.2
    Nov 22, 2019
    6.6.1
    Nov 19, 2019
    6.6
    Nov 18, 2019
    6.5.1
    Nov 14, 2019
    6.5
    Nov 5, 2019
    6.4
    Oct 21, 2019
    6.3.1
    Oct 10, 2019
    6.3
    Oct 7, 2019
    6.2.1
    Sep 30, 2019
    6.2
    Sep 24, 2019
    6.1
    Sep 9, 2019
    6.0
    Aug 26, 2019
    5.54.0
    Aug 12, 2019
    5.53.0
    Jul 29, 2019
    5.52
    Jul 15, 2019
    5.51.1
    Jul 3, 2019
    5.51
    Jul 1, 2019
    5.50
    Jun 17, 2019
    5.49
    Jun 3, 2019
    5.48.1
    May 18, 2019
    5.48
    May 16, 2019
    5.47
    May 6, 2019
    5.46
    Apr 22, 2019
    5.45
    Apr 9, 2019
    5.44
    Mar 20, 2019
    5.43
    Mar 7, 2019
    5.42
    Feb 22, 2019
    5.41
    Feb 4, 2019
    5.40
    Jan 25, 2019
    5.39
    Jan 10, 2019
    5.38.1
    Dec 18, 2018
    5.37
    Dec 5, 2018
    5.36
    Nov 15, 2018
    5.35
    Nov 7, 2018
    5.34
    Oct 17, 2018
    5.33
    Oct 4, 2018
    5.32.1
    Sep 26, 2018
    5.32
    Sep 24, 2018
    5.30
    Sep 10, 2018
    5.29.3
    Sep 5, 2018
    5.29.2
    Aug 22, 2018
    5.29.1
    Aug 18, 2018
    5.29
    Aug 14, 2018
    5.28
    Aug 6, 2018
    5.27
    Jul 23, 2018
    5.26
    Jun 28, 2018
    5.25.1
    Jun 15, 2018
    5.25
    Jun 14, 2018
    5.24
    Jun 4, 2018
    5.23.1
    May 24, 2018
    5.23
    May 22, 2018
    5.22
    May 14, 2018
    5.21
    Apr 26, 2018
    5.20
    Apr 9, 2018
    5.19
    Mar 26, 2018
    5.18.1
    Mar 13, 2018
    5.18
    Mar 8, 2018
    5.17
    Feb 26, 2018
    5.16
    Feb 6, 2018
    5.15.1
    Jan 30, 2018
    5.15
    Jan 29, 2018
    5.14
    Jan 16, 2018
    5.13.1
    Dec 19, 2017
    5.12
    Nov 21, 2017
    5.11
    Nov 13, 2017
    5.10
    Oct 30, 2017
    5.9
    Oct 21, 2017
    5.8
    Oct 6, 2017
    5.8.1
    Oct 6, 2017
    5.7
    Sep 21, 2017
    5.6.1
    Sep 9, 2017
    5.6
    Sep 5, 2017
    5.5
    Aug 22, 2017
    4.10.1
    Feb 14, 2017
    4.10
    Jan 17, 2017
    4.9.7
    Dec 5, 2016
    4.9.6
    Nov 14, 2016
    4.9.5
    Oct 13, 2016
    4.9.4
    Sep 29, 2016
    4.9.3
    Aug 30, 2016
    4.9.2
    Jul 19, 2016
    4.9.1
    Jun 27, 2016
    4.9
    Jun 20, 2016
    4.8.2
    Jun 2, 2016
    4.8.1
    Apr 27, 2016
    4.8
    Apr 13, 2016
    4.7.4
    Mar 16, 2016
    4.7.3
    Mar 7, 2016
    4.7.2
    Feb 10, 2016
    4.7.1
    Dec 16, 2015
    4.7.0
    Dec 14, 2015
    4.6.5
    Nov 30, 2015
    4.6.4
    Oct 28, 2015
    4.6.3
    Oct 22, 2015
    4.6.2
    Oct 6, 2015
    4.6.1
    Sep 16, 2015
    4.5.1
    Sep 2, 2015
    4.5.0
    Aug 26, 2015
    4.4.2
    Jul 27, 2015
    4.4.1
    Jul 17, 2015
    4.4.0
    Jul 15, 2015
    4.3.2
    Jul 6, 2015
    4.3.1
    May 18, 2015
    4.3.0
    Apr 27, 2015
    4.2.1
    Mar 18, 2015
    4.2.0
    Feb 12, 2015
    4.1.2
    Jan 12, 2015
    4.1.1
    Dec 10, 2014
    4.1.0
    Dec 1, 2014
    4.0.2
    Nov 11, 2014
    4.0.1
    Oct 27, 2014
    4.0.0
    Oct 2, 2014
    3.6.0
    Aug 19, 2014
    3.5.3
    May 14, 2014
    3.5.2
    Apr 24, 2014
    3.5.1
    Apr 5, 2014
    3.5
    Feb 21, 2014
    v3.4.2
    Dec 27, 2013
    3.4.1
    Dec 27, 2013
    3.4
    Dec 12, 2013
    3.3.3
    Oct 28, 2013
    3.3.2
    Oct 23, 2013
    3.3.1
    Oct 21, 2013
    3.3
    Oct 2, 2013
    3.2
    Sep 18, 2013
    3.1.1
    Aug 7, 2013
    3.1
    Aug 2, 2013
    3.0.1
    Jun 12, 2013
    3.0
    Jun 6, 2013
    2.7.1
    Mar 18, 2013
    2.7
    Feb 13, 2013
    2.6.3
    Nov 29, 2012
    2.6.2
    Oct 2, 2012
    2.6.1
    Sep 20, 2012
    2.6
    Sep 15, 2012
    2.5.4
    Aug 18, 2012
    2.5.3
    Aug 6, 2012
    2.5.2
    Jul 2, 2012
    2.5.1
    Jun 12, 2012
    2.5
    May 21, 2012
    2.4.3
    Feb 7, 2012
    2.4.2
    Dec 19, 2011
    2.4.1
    Nov 7, 2011
    2.4
    Sep 1, 2011
    2.3.2
    Jun 17, 2011
    2.3.1
    May 12, 2011
    2.3
    Apr 28, 2011
    2.1
    Nov 30, 2010
    2.0
    Nov 17, 2010
    1.2
    Sep 28, 2010
    1.1
    Sep 21, 2010
    1.0
    Jun 25, 2010

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Hulu
    $7.99
    Hulu (No Ads)
    $17.99
    Hulu (No Ads)
    $17.99
    Hulu (No Ads)
    $17.99
    Hulu (No Ads)
    $17.99
    Hulu (No Ads)
    $17.99
    Hulu (No Ads)
    $17.99

About

Required Devices
    Apple TV, iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Entertainment

Initial Release Date
    Jun 29, 2010

Worldwide Release Date
    Sep 1, 2011

Last Updated Time
    Feb 28, 2024

Version
    8.3.2

Size
    83.29 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    Hulu, LLC

Company HQ
    United States

Content Rating
    Rated 12+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 13.4 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.hulu.plus

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Support Url

App Privacy Policy Url

Developer Account Website

Company Website

App ID: 376510438
Unified App ID: 1000600000002722

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Hulu: Watch TV shows & movies | data.ai
