Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Optimum TV
Altice USAEntertainment (Applications)Free
Alerts

Altice One
Optimum TV
Optimum TV
Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Optimum TV
Entertainment (Applications)
Free
App Description
All your shows in one place. Stream Live TV or catch up on your Cloud DVR recordings from anywhere within your home. Plus, you can watch TV on the go with some of your favorite shows and networks available, anytime, anywhere there is an internet connection with the Optimum TV App.

Features

Watch:
• Watch Live TV for your entire channel lineup, On Demand programming and your Cloud DVR recordings from anywhere in your home
• Rent and watch On Demand movies directly from the Optimum TV App
• With the TV to GO feature, watch programs from top networks anytime, anywhere
• Start watching a recording on your device and resume watching the same program on your TV
• Use Restart to start select shows from the very beginning, even if you tune in late *

Record:
• Schedule Cloud DVR Recordings
• View Scheduled and Recorded Lists
• Manage Scheduled and Recorded programs

Control:
• Use your device as a virtual remote control for your Optimum TV Box
• Search using your voice by actor, director, title, genre or keyword
• Set up parental controls to restrict what your child can watch through the Optimum TV App
• Turn on features like Closed Captioning and SAP

Requirements:

• Available content and features are based on your current programming package and premium service. Not all content is available to stream at this time.
• An Altice One ID and Password
• A WiFi connection
• Visit optimum.net/app for more information

*Feature not available in all areas.

Privacy Policy : https://www.optimum.com/terms-of-service/privacy/Customer-Privacy/altice-customer-privacy-notice

Terms of Service: https://www.optimum.com/terms-of-service/altice-one-app
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.61
Total Displayed Ratings
16.7k

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 3.2 (Jul 25, 2023)
    Thanks for using the Optimum TV app! We're listening to your feedback and working hard to make the app even better for you.

    In this update, we've made general bug fixes, and have provided latest OS support.

    To ensure you always have the latest version, please turn on auto-updates.

    Your reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating!
Version 3.1 (Oct 24, 2022)

    Thanks for using the Optimum TV app! We're listening to your feedback and working hard to make the app even better for you.

    In this update, we've made general bug fixes, addressed issues causing crashes and have provided latest OS support.

    To ensure you always have the latest version, please turn on auto-updates.

    Your reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! 
Version 3.0 (Aug 1, 2022)
    Thanks for using the Optimum TV app! We're constantly working to provide you with the best app experience.

    In this update, the Altice One app has been renamed Optimum TV. It’s the same app and features you love, with a new name.

    To ensure you always have the latest version, please turn on auto-updates.

    You’re reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at optimum.net/chat
Version 2.2.4 (May 16, 2022)
    Thanks for using the Altice One app! We're constantly working to provide you with the best app experience.

    In this update, we've made general bug fixes and performance enhancements.

    To ensure you always have the latest version, please turn on auto-updates.

    You're reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at optimum.net/chat or suddenlink.com/chat.
Version 2.2.3 (Mar 2, 2022)
    Thanks for using the Altice One app! We're constantly working to provide you with the best app experience.

    In this update we have included:

    1) Improved placement of the DVR storage meter, so you'll always know how much DVR storage space you have.
    2) General bug fixes and performance enhancements.

    To ensure you always have the latest version, please turn on auto-updates.

    You're reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at optimum.net/chat or suddenlink.com/chat.
Version 2.2.2 (Dec 1, 2021)
    Thanks for using the Altice One app! We're constantly working to provide you with the best app experience.

    In this update, we've made general bug fixes and performance enhancements.

    To ensure you always have the latest version, please turn on auto-updates.

    You're reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at optimum.net/chat or suddenlink.com/chat.
Version 2.2.1 (Jul 19, 2021)
    Thanks for using the Altice One app! We're constantly working to provide you with the best app experience.

    In this update, we've made a few changes:

    - Added a "Watch Channel" button to the program info page of future airing programs – letting you watch what's streaming live on that channel
    - General bug fixes and performance enhancements

    To ensure you always have the latest version, please turn on auto-updates.

    You're reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at optimum.net/chat or suddenlink.com/chat.
Version 2.2 (Mar 2, 2021)
    Thanks for using the Altice One app! We're constantly working to provide you with the best app experience.

    In this release, we've worked on stability and bug fixes.

    You’re reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at optimum.net/chat or suddenlink.com/chat
Version 2.1.4 (Nov 12, 2020)
    Thanks for using the Altice One app! We're constantly working to provide you with the best app experience.

    In this update, we’ve worked on fixing bugs and optimizing performance to help keep you streaming more of what you love.

    To ensure you always have the latest version, please turn on auto-updates.

    Your reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at optimum.net/chat or suddenlink.com/chat.
Version 2.1.3 (Sep 21, 2020)
    Thanks for using the Altice One app! We're constantly working to provide you with the best app experience.

    In this update, we’ve worked on fixing bugs and optimizing performance to help keep you streaming more of what you love.

    To ensure you always have the latest version, please turn on auto-updates.

    Your reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at optimum.net/chat or suddenlink.com/chat.
Version 2.1.2 (Jul 14, 2020)
    Thanks for using the Altice One app! We're constantly working to provide you with the best app experience.

    In this update, we’ve worked on a minor bug fix.

    To ensure you always have the latest version, please turn on auto-updates.

    You're reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at optimum.net/chat or suddenlink.com/chat.
Version 2.1.1 (Jul 7, 2020)
    Thanks for using the Altice One app! We're constantly working to provide you with the best app experience.

    In this update, we’ve worked on fixing bugs and optimizing performance to help keep you streaming more of what you love.

    To ensure you always have the latest version, please turn on auto-updates.

    You're reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at optimum.net/chat or suddenlink.com/chat.
Version 2.1 (May 13, 2020)
    Thanks for using the Altice One app! We're constantly working to provide you with the best app experience.

    In this release, we've made some improvements including:

    * Video "pop-out" player now allows you to minimize the video you're watching and continue to move throughout the app. You'll have full control allowing you to pause, play, maximize or close the "pop-out" player
    * Stability and bug fixes

    To ensure you always have the latest version, please turn on auto-updates.

    You're reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at optimum.net/chat or suddenlink.com/chat
Version 2.0.1 (Mar 24, 2020)
    Thanks for using the Altice One app! We're constantly working to provide you with the best app experience.

    In this release, we've made some improvements including:

    * You can now rent and watch On Demand movies directly from the Altice One app
    * Stability and bug fixes
    To ensure you always have the latest version, please turn on auto-updates.

    You’re reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at optimum.net/chat or suddenlink.com/chat
Version 2.0 (Feb 13, 2020)

    In this release we’ve added support for our new tvOS App. This includes features like:

    * AirPlay
    * Single sign-on with your iOS device, so you don't need to enter your login & password multiple times
    * The ability to search for On Demand and Live Sports shows using Siri

    We’re also frequently updating our app to include stability and bug fix improvements. To ensure you always have the latest version, please turn on auto-updates.

    Your reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at m.me/optimum or Facebook.com/Optimum
Version 1.9 (Sep 16, 2019)
    We’re frequently updating our app in order to give you the best experience. To ensure you always have the latest version, please turn on auto-updates.

    In this release we’ve made some bug fixes and stability improvements.

    Your reviews and feedback are important to us. If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at m.me/optimum or Facebook.com/Optimum
Version 1.8.1 (Aug 13, 2019)
    Thanks for using Altice One. We're listening to your feedback and working hard to make the app even better for you.

    In this version we’ve made some bug fixes and performance improvements.

    If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at m.me/optimum or Facebook.com/Optimum
Version 1.8 (Jul 10, 2019)
    Thanks for using Altice One. We're listening to your feedback and working hard to make the app even better for you.

    We've added a few new features in this release:

    - Added state management to seamlessly take you back to your last location in the app when you leave and come back.
    - Assign a friendly name to your Altice One box for use in the Remote and Watch on TV features.
    - Never mistype your passwords again. Show and Hide Password allows you to easily view and hide your passwords.

    Bug fixes:
    - Some issues causing crashes
    - General bug fixes 
Version 1.7.1 (Apr 9, 2019)
    Bug fixes and stability improvements.
Version 1.7 (Mar 26, 2019)
    Lost Connectivity Management – improved handling of network changes

    Guide Auto-play – selecting a program in the now zone of the Guide starts playback immediately

    Filters – access to filters have been simplified by displaying available filter options on screen.

    TV to Go Rail - Quick access to featured TV to GO networks is now available directly from My Picks.
Version 1.6.1 (Feb 6, 2019)
    Fixed an Accessibility bug related to volume output.
Version 1.6 (Dec 4, 2018)
    Thanks for using Altice One. We're listening to your feedback and working hard to make the app even better for you.

    Here’s what’s new in this release:

    • Updated app look and feel
    • Improved the out-of-home experience with direct access to the My Picks page and a home-network indicator
    • Graceful app handling when your network connection is lost or you switch to Airplane mode
    • On Demand now takes you directly to the “Browse All” section
    • Streamlined access to in-app FAQs

    Bug fixes:
    Some issues causing player freeze/crashes
    General bug fixes
Version 1.5 (Sep 6, 2018)
    Thanks for using Altice One. We're listening to your feedback and working hard to make the app even better for you.

    Here's whats new:

    • Watch our Most Popular content faster – selecting a program will now auto-play for you

    • My Picks categories have been reordered for quicker access to the content you want to watch

    • "Recently Visited" is now called "Recent Channels"

    • Minor bug fixes and performance enhancements
Version 1.4 (Jul 9, 2018)
    We’ve continued to make stability improvements in this release to keep the app working as you’d expect.

    New to this release:

    • Series Manager – Provides quick access to edit your Series recording preferences or cancel Series recordings.

    • What’s New – From Settings, go to “What’s New” to find out what we’ve improved with each release.

    • Bug fixes to help with app stability and reliability.
Version 1.3.1 (May 29, 2018)
    Fixed an issue where iPad devices crash shortly after login
Version 1.3.0 (May 8, 2018)
    Thanks for using Altice One. We’re listening to your feedback and working hard to make the app even better for you.
    Here’s what’s new:

    - Program Reminders – You can now receive notifications that a program is about to start. Reminders can be set from a program’s Info Page or by using a “long-press” in the Guide.

    - Cellular Streaming – manage your ability to stream over cell within Settings.

    - Bug fixes to help with app stability and reliability.

    If you are enjoying the app, please consider leaving a review or rating! For support or suggestions, you can reach us at @optimumhelp or Facebook.com/Optimum.
Version 1.2.0 (Mar 20, 2018)
    •Caller ID - Receive notifications of incoming calls while using the Altice One App.
    •Support for iOS 11
    •iPhone X support
    •Minor bug fixes
Version 1.1.0 (Jan 11, 2018)
    • Addition of a video player to the Full Info page
    • Filter the Guide by Favorites, Primetime and Out-of-Home channels
    • Filter Search results by What’s on Now, What’s on TV, and What’s on Demand
    • Use a “Long-Press” in the Guide to quickly schedule recordings or watch content on TV
    • Minor bug fixes for stability
Version 1.0.0 (Nov 5, 2017)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Optimum
Official NY Lottery
Madison Square Garden Official
New Jersey Lottery
Fios TV Mobile
USA Network
Discovery GO
Food Network GO - Live TV
E!
Nat Geo TV: Live & On Demand
IQ Classifications
Genre: Entertainment
Subgenre: OTT
OTT
Apps where users can stream TV shows, movies, comedy specials, and live television online or offline.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    3.2
    Current release
    Jul 25, 2023
    3.1
    Oct 24, 2022
    3.0
    Aug 1, 2022
    2.2.4
    May 16, 2022
    2.2.3
    Mar 2, 2022
    2.2.2
    Dec 1, 2021
    2.2.1
    Jul 19, 2021
    2.2
    Mar 2, 2021
    2.1.4
    Nov 12, 2020
    2.1.3
    Sep 21, 2020
    2.1.2
    Jul 14, 2020
    2.1.1
    Jul 7, 2020
    2.1
    May 13, 2020
    2.0.1
    Mar 24, 2020
    2.0
    Feb 13, 2020
    1.9
    Sep 16, 2019
    1.8.1
    Aug 13, 2019
    1.8
    Jul 10, 2019
    1.7.1
    Apr 9, 2019
    1.7
    Mar 26, 2019
    1.6.1
    Feb 6, 2019
    1.6
    Dec 4, 2018
    1.5
    Sep 6, 2018
    1.4
    Jul 9, 2018
    1.3.1
    May 29, 2018
    1.3.0
    May 8, 2018
    1.2.0
    Mar 20, 2018
    1.1.0
    Jan 11, 2018
    1.0.0
    Nov 5, 2017

See More
About

Required Devices
    Apple TV, iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Entertainment

Initial Release Date
    Nov 5, 2017

Last Updated Time
    Mar 5, 2024

Version
    3.2

Size
    38.28 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    Altice USA, Inc.

Company HQ
    United States

Content Rating
    Rated 12+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.alticeusa.alticeone

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Support Url

App Privacy Policy Url

Company Website

App ID: 1296704509
Unified App ID: 1000600000812496

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Optimum TV | data.ai
