Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Grain – Video Preset Maker
Moment Inc.Photo and Video (Applications)$4.99
Alerts

    Moment Inc.

    Grain – Video Preset Maker
    Grain – Video Preset Maker

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Grain – Video Preset Maker
Photo and Video (Applications)
$4.99
App Description
Introducing Grain by Moment.

Make pro-grade video presets in minutes...all on your iPhone and iPad. It’s as simple as editing a photo, using your fingers to dial in the texture, color, grain, light leaks, borders, and overlays you want. Import, create, and export right back into your favorite editing app.

Follow us @grain.app on Instagram for tips and tricks and tag #grainapp to share what you make!

Make Templates Your Own – Grain comes with ready-made looks made by filmmakers, each with its own set of color adjustments, effect layers, and overlays. These templates can be modified and duplicated into your own custom looks.

Color Grade in Minutes – Color grading is hard. Grain gives you all the tools you need to color grade at your fingertips. Edit brightness, contrast, highlights, shadows, whites, blacks and temperature to start - then go deeper with pro level controls like Curves and Color Wheels.

Use Effects With Ease – Our libraries are filled with high quality, pro level effects like light leaks, grain, dust, prisms and more to your video. Tap to add an effect, then use gestures to adjust.

Share With Friends – iMessage or Airdrop your look to a friend, or send your looks between your devices during your editing flow. You can also share looks to RTRO, our fun photo/video capture iPhone app, to start shooting with custom looks right away!

Export to Your Editing App – Export your own LUTs so you can import and apply them in your favorite editing software. Whether on your phone, iPad, or Desktop...Grain makes it fast to use your looks on any videos.

–––

GRAIN+


Subscribe to unlock all effects and advanced features! Your support means we can keep delivering new looks and the highest quality app experience.

With Grain (Free):
‣ 1 editable template look
‣ Create unlimited looks
‣ Basic color slider tools
‣ Import clips from camera roll (up to 3 clips, 5s max)
‣ Preloaded video library with high-quality sample clips
‣ 3 color presets
‣ 3 effects (Grain, Dust, Color Shift)
‣ 1 single-frame layout preset
‣ Share looks via iMessage, Airdrop, etc.
‣ Shoot with looks in RTRO

With Grain+:
‣ 3 editable template looks
‣ 9 exclusive color presets
‣ Unlimited length for clips and videos
‣ Premium color tools - sliders, curves, HSL, wheels
‣ Import and export LUTs
‣ Export effects as overlays
‣ Stocked library with pro-level effects
‣ Customizable frames and overlay presets
‣ Special overlay layers - sprockets, text, and more

The Grain+ yearly subscription is $29.99/year. The Grain+ monthly subscription is $4.99/month. Pricing in other countries may vary and prices may be converted to your local currency.

Your subscription will auto-renew each year. If you choose a monthly subscription your billing will start immediately and auto-renew each month unless cancelled within 24 hours before the end of your current period. Payment is charged to your Apple ID account at the confirmation of purchase. You can manage or cancel your subscription by going to your Account Settings in the App Store.

Privacy Policy: https://www.shopmoment.com/privacy-policy
Terms of Use: https://www.shopmoment.com/terms-of-service

Thank you for your support!
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
3.69
Total Displayed Ratings
186

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 1.1.4 (Apr 6, 2022)
    New!
    + Adjust LUT intensity. We heard you, filmmakers – tap into imported LUTs for an adjustment slider.
    + Export options from gallery. Now you can also export videos, LUTs and overlays directly from the look gallery.


    Now enjoy the full Grain experience, including all features, for a one time payment!

    Thanks for the continued support! Keep your app updated to the latest version for the best Grain experience. For any feedback, please reach out to us at hello@shopmoment.com.
Version 1.1.3 (Dec 23, 2021)
    New!
    + Adjust LUT intensity. We heard you, filmmakers – tap into imported LUTs for an adjustment slider.
    + Export options from gallery. Now you can also export videos, LUTs and overlays directly from the look gallery.

    Updates:
    + UI bug fixes

    Thanks for the continued support! Keep your app updated to the latest version for the best Grain experience. For any feedback, please reach out to us at hello@shopmoment.com.
Version 1.1.2 (Dec 20, 2021)
    New!
    + Adjust LUT intensity. We heard you, filmmakers – tap into imported LUTs for an adjustment slider.
    + Export options from gallery. Now you can also export videos, LUTs and overlays directly from the look gallery.

    Updates:
    + You can now enter subscription offer codes within the app

    Thanks for the continued support! Keep your app updated to the latest version for the best Grain experience. For any feedback, please reach out to us at hello@shopmoment.com.
Version 1.1.1 (Dec 9, 2021)
    New!
    + Adjust LUT intensity. We heard you, filmmakers – tap into imported LUTs for an adjustment slider.
    + Export options from gallery. Now you can also export videos, LUTs and overlays directly from the look gallery.

    Updates:
    + Subscription screen UI updates

    Thanks for the continued support! Keep your app updated to the latest version for the best Grain experience. For any feedback, please reach out to us at hello@shopmoment.com.
Version 1.1.0 (Nov 5, 2021)
    This latest update includes LUT intensity, gallery exporting, and small bug fixes.

    New!
    + Adjust LUT intensity. We heard you, filmmakers – tap into imported LUTs for an adjustment slider.
    + Export options from gallery. Now you can also export videos, LUTs and overlays directly from the look gallery.

    Bug fixes
    + Fixed: LUT disappearing from preview when pressing and holding down
    + Fixed: iPad Mini layout issues

    Thanks for the continued support! Keep your app updated to the latest version for the best Grain experience. For any feedback, please reach out to us at hello@shopmoment.com.
Version 1.0.3 (Sep 23, 2021)
    Thanks for all the love so far! Grain has already passed 13,000 downloads and we couldn't be more excited, we've got more features and updates coming your way so stay tuned!

    This is a quick small update that fixes a few of the crashes people have reported so far and adds a few features to the free version:
    + Fixes color wheel thumb disappearing
    + Fixes occasional crash when attempting to send feedback
    + Adds loading indicator when purchasing subscription

    Now available in the free version:
    + Cinematic & Indie templates
    + Curves tool

    + Light leak (LL1), bloom (LB1), scaliness (VHS1), & Scratches
    + All classic overlays

    More to come! If you have any feedback or questions, don't hesitate to reach out at hello@shopmoment.com. We'd love to hear from you and help out however we can.
Version 1.0.2 (Sep 10, 2021)
    Thanks for all the love so far! Grain has already passed 13,000 downloads and we couldn't be more excited, we've got more features and updates coming your way so stay tuned!

    This is a quick small update that fixes a few of the crashes people have reported so far and adds a few features to the free version:
    + Fixes crash on startup.
    + Fixes crash when adjusting color sliders.

    Now available in the free version:
    + Cinematic & Indie templates
    + Curves tool

    + Light leak (LL1), bloom (LB1), scaliness (VHS1), & Scratches
    + All classic overlays

    More to come! If you have any feedback or questions, don't hesitate to reach out at hello@shopmoment.com. We'd love to hear from you and help out however we can.
Version 1.0.1 (Sep 3, 2021)
    Thanks for all the love so far! Grain has already passed 13,000 downloads and we couldn't be more excited, we've got more features and updates coming your way so stay tuned!

    This is a quick small update that fixes a few of the crashes people have reported so far and adds a few features to the free version:
    + Fixes crash on startup.
    + Fixes crash when adjusting color sliders.

    Now available in the free version:
    + Cinematic & Indie templates

    + Curves tool

    + Light leak (LL1), bloom (LB1), scaliness (VHS1), & Scratches

    + All classic overlays

    More to come! If you have any feedback or questions, don't hesitate to reach out at hello@shopmoment.com. We'd love to hear from you and help out however we can.

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Dehancer: Color Grading
Filmm: One-Tap Video Editor
Tone Studio Photo & Vid Editor
VideoLUT
Filmic Legacy
Capture One
WILD SHOT - Photo Filter Grain
LumaFusion
Emulsio 4 › Video Stabilizer
Cinema P3 Pro Camera
IQ Classifications
Genre: Photo & Video
Subgenre: Photo Editing
Photo Editing
Apps with which the user may edit their photos by adding filters, adjusting light/colors/white balance, cropping sizes and etc.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
iPhone Market
Not featuredon App Store homepage
1 time
on App Store category pages
Versions

    1.1.4
    Current release
    Apr 6, 2022
    1.1.3
    Dec 23, 2021
    1.1.2
    Dec 20, 2021
    1.1.1
    Dec 9, 2021
    1.1.0
    Nov 5, 2021
    1.0.3
    Sep 23, 2021
    1.0.2
    Sep 10, 2021
    1.0.1
    Sep 3, 2021

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Grain+ Lifetime Subscription
    $59.99
    Grain+ Lifetime Subscription
    $44.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Photo and Video

Initial Release Date
    Aug 31, 2021

Worldwide Release Date
    Aug 31, 2021

Last Updated Time
    Mar 1, 2024

Version
    1.1.4

Size
    276.71 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    英文

Seller
    Moment Inc.

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    系統需求：iOS 14.5 或以上版本。相容裝置：iPhone、iPad、iPod touch。

Bundle ID
    com.shopmoment.grain

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1482307157

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Grain – Video Preset Maker | data.ai
