Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

UverVideo - Video Editor&Maker
建文 颜Photo and Video (Applications)Free
Alerts

    建文 颜

    UverVideo - Video Editor&Maker
    UverVideo - Video Editor&Maker

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
UverVideo - Video Editor&Maker
Editar video con foto y musica
Photo and Video (Applications)
Free
App Promotional Text
UverVideo - Video editor and slideshow maker
Powerful, Easy to edit, Hot effects & filters
Rich material, No watermark, No ads
App Description
The video project is automatically saved in real time, so you are not afraid of losing your progress! Can be edited anytime, anywhere!
Whether you are a novice or a professional, you can use UverVideo's powerful video editing functions to create the video content you want more quickly and easily, and edit creative life easily!

Features:
Video Editor & Movie Maker.
- Live photos
Live photos dynamic video and still photos with one-click switch.
- Slideshow maker
Splice multiple photos to make a video slideshow.
- Picture in Picture
Supports adding multiple material layers and adjusting the layer level.
- Blending mode
Multi-layer mixed exposure to create stunning visual effects.
- 4K quality
Support 4K pixel video material editing and export.
- Music sound effects
Hundreds of music sound effects to meet the needs of a variety of scenes.
- Audio separation
Easily extract music from the entire network video.
- Art text
Powerful typesetting and editing functions, hundreds of style templates.
- Video split screen
Supports horizontal and vertical 2, 3, 4, 6, 9 grids.
- Video reverse playback
One-click reverse playback, making special effects videos.
- Video speed change
0.2-100 times free speed change.
- Video Split
To accurately split the video in a single frame,to split any part of the video at will.
- Video Trim
To flexibly trim the beginning and end of the video and the middle part.
- Video Stitching
Multi-material stitching into a complete video, the order can be changed.
- Video ratio
Support more than ten kinds of canvas ratios to edit video.
- Video rotation
Can flexibly rotate the video and flip up and down, left and right.
- Video freeze
Capture video frames to pictures.
- Professional filters
A variety of film-level professional style filters.
- Advanced transition
One-click get high-end transition effects.
- Stunning animation
Cool dynamic animation effects.
- Fun background
Support adding colors, patterns, blurs and other backgrounds.
- Texture effect
Various mosaic effects such as crystal, raindrops, frosted glass, etc.
- Creative stickers
A variety of creative stickers to add interest to the video.
- Unrestrained zoom
You can zoom in and out the video picture at will.
- Audio volume
Audio track adjustment, mute, split, variable speed, fade.

UverVideo Pro Unlimited Subscription
- You can subscribe for unlimited access to all features and content offered for purchase within UverVideo.
- The membership subscription fee depends on the subscription plan you choose and is charged monthly or yearly. In addition, a one-time payment will be offered if needed(this is not a subscription).
- Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
- Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
- Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal.
- Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase.
- If eligible for free trial and you subscribe before your free trial ends, the rest of your free trial period will be forfeited as soon as your purchase is confirmed. Subscriptions will start immediately after free trial ends unless cancelled at least 24 hours prior to the end of the trial period.
Special reminder:
If your subscription plan is monthly or yearly, you can make up the difference and upgrade to a one-time payment plan(this is not a subscription).

Privacy & Terms
Terms of Use: https://res.uvervideo.com/index/terms/terms.pdf
Privacy Policy: https://res.uvervideo.com/index/privacy/privacy.pdf

If you have any questions or functional requirements, you can contact us to communicate.
Email: uvervideo.support@mail.xiguaikeji.com
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.39
Total Displayed Ratings
56

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 1.1.9 (Oct 8, 2022)
    - UverVideo agrega una serie de filtros naranja verde azulado y filtros de aventura, ven y pruébalo ~
    - agregar efectos de apertura y cierre
    - adaptar iOS16
    - Optimización de la interfaz y solución de fallas
Version 1.1.8 (Dec 28, 2021)
    -UverVideo agrega una serie de filtros naturales y filtros japoneses, ven y pruébalo ~
    -Recorte proporcional de videos y fotos
    -Material de video soporta rango de reproducción de modificación
    -La función de reemplazo está optimizada y el intervalo de video se puede seleccionar al reemplazar
    -Los recursos de imagen en imagen admiten el reemplazo
    -Apoyo de empuje
Version 1.1.7 (Oct 1, 2021)
    1. Uvervideo agregó una serie de efectos de falla, ven y pruébalo.
    2. Se agregaron filtros de colores, retro y DV
    3. Agregar interfaz de configuración de películas
    4. Optimización de detalles y corrección de errores.
    --------
    Si tiene alguna duda o requisitos funcionales, puede contactarnos para comunicarnos.
    Correo electrónico: uvervideo.support@mail.xiguaikeji.com
Version 1.1.6 (Aug 22, 2021)
    1. Uvervideo agregó una serie de pegatinas dinámicas y filtros de taquilla, vengan y lo intentan.
    2. Efectos de luz y cepillo añadidos.
    3. Optimizar la importación de recursos del álbum.
    4. Añadir idioma de soporte
    5. Detalles la optimización y las correcciones de errores.
    --------
    Si tiene alguna pregunta o requisitos funcionales, puede contactarnos para comunicarnos.
    Correo electrónico: urvideo.support@mail.xiguaikeji.com
Version 1.1.5 (Jul 15, 2021)
    1. UverVideo ha agregado una serie de filtros de textura y estilos de banner de texto, ven y pruébalo.
    2. Es compatible con la configuración del idioma en la configuración. Los idiomas admitidos se agregarán en versiones posteriores.
    3. Repare la aplicación por lotes de transición, la probabilidad de que el reproductor se atasque.
    4. Adáptese al iPad, corrija el bloqueo.
    5. Optimización de detalles y corrección de errores.
    --------
    Si tiene alguna duda o requisitos funcionales, puede contactarnos para comunicarnos.
    Correo electrónico: uvervideo.support@mail.xiguaikeji.com
Version 1.1.4 (Jun 29, 2021)
    1. UverVideo has added a series of new fonts and support download fonts, come and try.
    2. Optimize the size of the App installation package.
    3. Detail optimization and bug fixes.
    --------
    If you have any questions or functional requirements, you can contact us to communicate.
    Email: uvervideo.support@mail.xiguaikeji.com
Version 1.1.3 (Jun 13, 2021)
    Filter adjust crash fixes.
Version 1.1.1 (May 16, 2021)
    1. UverVideo supports batch modification of picture duration, making slideshows more efficient, come and try.
    2. Optimized the video ratio function, adding a video ratio of 4:5, start create your Instagram Stories.
    3. Optimized speed change function, more convenient operation, up to 100 times speed change.
    4. Optimize editing operation, support batch volume modification and batch mute.
    5. Detail optimization and bug fixes.
    --------
    If you have any questions or functional requirements, you can contact us to communicate.
    Email: uvervideo.support@mail.xiguaikeji.com
Version 1.01 (Apr 28, 2021)
    Add novice guide on app first boot
    Settings page supports jumping to AppStore to evaluate and share app
    Improve loading and refreshing of music and sound effects
    Configure to play with sound in phone silent mode
    Fix the abnormal volume when editing
    Fix undo crash
Version 1.0 (Apr 16, 2021)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
OviCut Video Editor
TEASER: Auto Movie Reel Maker
Sync.Ly - Music Video Maker
Clipop - Video Clips Editor
Video Editor Effects
Moments - Music Video Editor
SLIDESHOW - Story Maker
Video Filters: Aesthetic Edit
VinkleCut Video Editor & Maker
Filma - Edit Cut Video Maker
IQ Classifications
Genre: Photo & Video
Subgenre: Video Editing
Video Editing
Apps permitting users to trim, re-sequence, and adding special effects to video clips.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
iPhone Market
Not featuredon App Store homepage
1 time
on App Store category pages
Versions

    1.1.9
    Current release
    Oct 8, 2022
    1.1.8
    Dec 28, 2021
    1.1.7
    Oct 1, 2021
    1.1.6
    Aug 22, 2021
    1.1.5
    Jul 15, 2021
    1.1.4
    Jun 29, 2021
    1.1.3
    Jun 13, 2021
    1.1.1
    May 16, 2021
    1.01
    Apr 28, 2021
    1.0
    Apr 16, 2021

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Abonnement automatique(Annuel)
    $10.99
    Suscripción automática (Mes)
    $1.99
    Compra permanente
    $31.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Photo and Video

Initial Release Date
    Apr 16, 2021

Worldwide Release Date
    Apr 16, 2021

Last Updated Time
    Mar 1, 2024

Version
    1.1.9

Size
    264.47 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    Español, Alemán, Chino simplificado, Chino tradicional, Coreano, Francés, Hindi, Indonesio, Inglés, Japonés, Portugués, Ruso, Tailandés, Vietnamita

Seller
    建文 颜

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requiere iOS 13.0 o posterior. Compatible con iPhone, iPad y iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    org.yanjw.NaVideo

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1516264897

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

UverVideo - Video Editor&Maker | data.ai
