Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

AI Translate Camera Translator
TalkaoProductivity (Applications)Free
Alerts

    AI Translate Camera Translator
    AI Translate Camera Translator

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
AI Translate Camera Translator
Voice video & text with AI, AR
Productivity (Applications)
Free
App Description
AI Translate Camera Translator with artificial intelligence

This app is: AI Translator + AI Voice + AR Camera = AI Translate with Video Translator, photo translator, voice translator and text translator

Translate voice, video & text with AI, using AR Translation and Language Camera translator

Translate everything with your AI Translate camera translator app with AI Voice and AI Text, translate conversation, translate voice, translate text, translate documents, translate and interprets environments, landscapes and anything, recognize humans, object, texts, materials, etc.. Augmented Reality and a precise translation engine in a single AI Translator and AR Camera with document translator

AI Translate Camera Translator with AI Voice and AI Text, allows you to have a conversation in another language and see the translated subtitles at the bottom of the screen in real time. Use it with smart AR glasses and travel understanding anyone you are looking at. You are using the most complete voice translator, document translator, photo translator and video translator in one app.

The world of translated conversation is revolutionized with AR Translate - Augmented Reality with artificial intelligence. It recognizes the human face, the movement of the mouth and the gaze using artificial intelligence, and in this way it can understand when someone is speaking to you, offering a high-quality language translator, without interference.

Translation and interpretation speed in real time with RA Camera, thus achieving a total immersive translation experience. AR Camera recognition with Augmented Reality is better than a photo o camera translation, these labels can be used to translate objects, they are generated in space and time forever and keeping all the additional information since these labels are also interactive. Click on the + button and access to the dictionary, synonyms, definitions, voice translation and more

The scene mode verifies an environment and gives you a result, using in this case an object recognition tool, landscapes, documents, etc. Recognizing landscapes and identifying complete images is possible thanks to the AI Translate Photo Translator – Augmented reality + AR Camera Translator

These are some of the languages supported by Ar Translate Augmented Reality: Arabic, English, Bulgarian, Catalan, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Estonian, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Lithuanian, Norwegian, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Slovenian, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, and Welsh. For example you can use it like Spanish Translator or English Translator App.

Subscription information:
- Length of Subscription: 1 month ( 3 day free trial) or 1 year.
- Price: $9.99 per month billed monthly. $69.99 per year billed yearly.
- Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
- Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
- Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal.
- Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user’s Account Settings after purchase.
- Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.





Privacy Policy: http://www.talkao.com/policy/
Terms of use: https://www.talkao.com/terms_of_use
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
N/A
Total Displayed Ratings
N/A

No data is available.
Pie chart with 3 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
No data is available.
See More
What's New

Version 1.2 (Oct 27, 2023)
    Improved stability

    Minor bug fixes

Version 1.0 (Oct 25, 2023)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
GPT 4 Voice Chat & AI Writer
Auto Ai Video Translator
AI Translate : chat Translator
ai-tube
Brazilian Translator - BraGo
AI Keyboard Writing App - AIK
translation-Global translation
xxAi Chat
IntelliType: AI Keyboard
Spanish Translator & Learn +
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Translation
Translation
Apps that help users translate words or texts from one language into another.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    1.2
    Current release
    Oct 27, 2023
    1.0
    Oct 25, 2023

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Unlimit Access
    $49.99
    Unlimit Access
    $9.99
    Unlimit Access
    $59.99
    Unlimit Access
    $69.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Productivity

Initial Release Date
    Oct 24, 2023

Worldwide Release Date
    Oct 24, 2023

Last Updated Time
    Feb 25, 2024

Version
    1.2

Size
    194.91 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Traditional Chinese

Seller
    TALKAO, S.L.

Company HQ
    Spain

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 14.4 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.talkao.aitranslate.translator

Has Game Center
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 6445812847

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

AI Translate Camera Translator | data.ai
