Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Practice languages learning AI
Bitcoin Cloud Mining & Blockchain Crypto rewardsEducation (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Practice languages learning AI
    Practice languages learning AI

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Practice languages learning AI
Practice & learn any language
Education (Applications)
Free
App Description
Learn a language naturally and efficiently!

Our innovative A.I. application allows you to learn a language by conversing with an intelligent chatbot in the language of your choice.

With our conversational approach, you'll be able to learn a language more effectively than ever before as you practice your skills in a fun and engaging way.

Our intuitive chatbot will respond to your every input, so you can practice your language skills in a realistic environment. With Chatbot Language Learning, you'll be able to learn a language quickly and effortlessly.

Learning a language by chatting with an A.I. provides a natural and effective way to learn a language.

By conversing with artificial intelligence in the language of your choice, you can practice your speaking, listening, and comprehension skills in a more natural and engaging way.

Our A.I. can help you to identify and focus on common mistakes, and provide feedback and corrections for better understanding.

You can also practice pronunciation and memorize new words and phrases. The continuous conversations with the A.I. can help you to internalize the language and develop a more natural comprehension.

The interactive nature of the application enhances the learning experience and makes it more enjoyable.

Experience the benefits of learning a new language on your terms with an app that lets you chat in the language of your choice.

The app will help you develop a deep intuition for using the language in real-world scenarios by translating words you don't understand.

With this app, you can learn a language at your own pace and gain confidence in using it in everyday conversations.

Top reasons our students choose and love our app:
- Develops a deeper understanding of the language and its nuances
- Gain confidence in speaking the language
- Enhances pronunciation and intonation
- Improves comprehension by engaging in real-time conversations
- Increase chances of success in language proficiency tests

Whether you are a beginner or an advanced learner, our app is a unique way to learn a language: by interacting with a native-level chatbot in real time.

An exciting and interactive way to learn a language!
Unlock the power of real-time conversation to master a new language with our innovative app. Say goodbye to boring language classes and textbooks, and hello to engaging and interactive language learning.

Engage in real-time conversations with A.I. in the language you're trying to learn, training the same neural pathways in your brain that are used in real-life conversations. Say goodbye to boring textbook drills and hello to a fun, engaging way to become fluent in your desired language.

Are you tired of traditional language-learning methods that leave you feeling frustrated and unconfident? Our app offers a unique solution that simulates real-life conversations, allowing you to practice and improve your language skills in a natural and engaging way.

With our cutting-edge A.I. technology, you'll be able to engage in conversations with native speakers and learn the language the way it's actually spoken. Plus, our app is available 24/7, so you can practice and improve your language skills whenever it's convenient for you.

Our app is equipped with advanced A.I. technology that adapts to your learning style and pace. Whether you're a beginner or an advanced learner, our app will provide you with the right level of challenge and support to help you achieve fluency.

New language learning app that takes the drudgery out of traditional language study. You can immerse yourself in real-life conversations with advanced A.I. technology, and learn a new language in a natural and effortless way.

Our app is a fun and engaging way to learn languages in a safe and supportive environment.

EULA: https://languageer.com/eula.html
Privacy Policy: https://languageer.com/privacy_policy.html
Terms and Conditions: https://languageer.com/terms_and_conditions.html
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
5
Total Displayed Ratings
10

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 1.0.4 (Jan 19, 2023)
    Improved usability by adding typing indicator, and made sending message appear instant on UI.
Version 1.0 (Jan 18, 2023)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Verbius - AI Language Learning
SpeakLingua
Talk Fluent-language practice
Al Language Tutor - Fluently
Speakly - AI Language Learning
The Leo AI
Language Learning: ChatLingo
Langs: AI Language Learning
Fluent Buddy
Tutor Lily: AI Language Tutor
IQ Classifications
Genre: Generative AI
Subgenre: AI Chatbot
AI Chatbot
Apps that utilize artificial intelligence (AI) to interact with users through conversations. They are designed to simulate human-like conversations and provide relevant information, assistance, or entertainment for users.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    1.0.4
    Current release
    Jan 19, 2023
    1.0
    Jan 18, 2023

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Premium Quaterly
    $32.99
    Premium
    $18.99
    Yearly Premium
    $84.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Education

Initial Release Date
    Jan 18, 2023

Worldwide Release Date
    Jan 18, 2023

Last Updated Time
    Feb 24, 2024

Version
    1.0.4

Size
    35.82 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    Lowhill Games Oy

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    language.learning.speak.spanish.english.french.fun.easy.fast.languageBuddy

Has Game Center
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1665711981

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Practice languages learning AI | data.ai
