Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Speak & Translate * Translator
Alpiyal Apps DeveloperUtilities (Applications)Free
Alerts

Speak & Translate * Translator
Speak & Translate * Translator
Speak & Translate * Translator
Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Speak & Translate * Translator
Voice, Text & Photo Translator
Utilities (Applications)
Free
App Promotional Text
Voice, Text, Photo & Camera Translator App. Speak and Translate to translate any language easily.
App Description
Speak & Translate – Efficient Language Translator and Voice Interpreter for All Languages in the World. Perfect Voice, Text, Photo and Camera Translator app.

Speak & Translate is an innovative communication application that provides a unique way to translate and interpret all languages of the world. Speak and Translate is a free voice to voice translator for users who frequently need to translate one language into another. The app also can be used as an effective dictionary tool to find meanings of words of all languages in the world. By just simply speaking in your language, the Speak and Translate Voice Translator will auto detect your language and will translate and interpret it into the desired language quickly. In short, Speak & Translate will convert your speech into text and can also be used as text to speech converter. All in all, Speak and Translate mobile app is best to cater all your needs regarding voice translation, language interpretation, and dictionary.
Speak and Translate Application is embedded with features that are excellent and accurate for Translation and Interpretation of All languages around the World. Here is a brief overview of Speak and Translate features:
All Language Voice Translator – The major feature of Speak and Translate application is it allows you to speak in any language and get the translation done in any other language. You simply have to speak in order to translate any language into another. For example, if you need to Translate English into Hindi, simply select English as your Input and Hindi as your output language. Now Speak and It will translate English to Hindi.
Translate English into Any Other Language – Speak and Translate application also works as English to All Language translator app. If you are to communicate with some non-English speaking person, then this application is best for you to communicate with nonnative English speaker. You simply speak in English and it will translate and speak into other language and will made communication easier between you two. Using this English to All Language Translator you can translate:

English to French
English to German
English to Chinese
English to Spanish
English to Korean
English to Japanese
English to Arabic
English to Hindi
English to Tagalog
English to Tamil
English to Urdu
English to Portuguese
English to Russian
English to Bangla

All Languages Dictionary – Speak and Translate is not just a simple voice to voice translator tool, but also is an all language text and voice dictionary. Using its translator feature, you can find meanings of any language of the world. The feature allows you to type the words or sentences and get the translation in the desired language.Supported Languages for Translation & Interpretation:
Afrikaans, Albanian, Arabic, Armenian, Azerbaijani, Basque, Belarusian, Bengali, Bosnian, Bulgarian, Catalan, Cebuano, Chichewa, Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Esperanto, Estonian, Filipino, Finnish, French, Galician, Georgian, German, Greek, Gujarati, Haitian Creole, Hausa, Hebrew, Hindi, Hmong, Hungarian, Icelandic, Igbo, Indonesian, Irish, Italian, Japanese, Javanese, Kannada, Kazakh, Khmer, Korean, Lao, Latin, Latvian, Lithuanian, Macedonian, Malagasy, Malay, Malayalam, Maltese, Maori, Marathi, Mongolian, Myanmar (Burmese), Nepali, Norwegian, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Sesotho, Sinhala, Slovak, Slovenian, Somali, Spanish, Sundanese, Swahili, Swedish, Tajik, Tamil, Telugu, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Urdu, Uzbek, Vietnamese, Welsh, Yiddish, Yoruba, Zulu.

SO install this All Language Voice to Voice Translator and Speak to Interpret any language of the World.
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.11
Total Displayed Ratings
79

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 8.0 (Dec 13, 2023)
    Enhanced the Language translation process

    Minor Improvements in UI for better Usability
Version 7.0 (Nov 5, 2022)
    Added Document Translator to translate PDF and Text Documents
    Improved UI Experience for Better Usability
    Added Upgrade Screen to Remove Ads and Access Full Functionality 
Version 5.0 (Sep 1, 2022)
    In App Purchase Added
    Fixed Some Language Translation Bugs
Version 4.0 (Aug 20, 2022)
    Voice on Speak Button for voice translation Fixed

Version 3.0 (Aug 16, 2022)
    User Navigation moved to bottom to improve user experience
    Changed the design of app from previous version
    Camera Translator added to translate textual photos and images
Version 2.0 (Feb 27, 2020)
    Few Bugs Fixed
    Improved UI
Version 1.0 (Feb 3, 2020)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Professional Translator
New Translator - All Language
Deep Translator - Voice & Text
Scanner Translate
Fast Translator - Text, Voice
Voice Translator: All Language
My Translate-Voice
World Super Translator
Pocket Translate-Translator
Photo All Language Translator
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Translation
Translation
Apps that help users translate words or texts from one language into another.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
iPhone Market
Not featuredon App Store homepage
1 time
on App Store category pages
Versions

    8.0
    Current release
    Dec 13, 2023
    7.0
    Nov 5, 2022
    5.0
    Sep 1, 2022
    4.0
    Aug 20, 2022
    3.0
    Aug 16, 2022
    2.0
    Feb 27, 2020
    1.0
    Feb 3, 2020

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Remove Ads
    $5.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Utilities

Initial Release Date
    Feb 3, 2020

Worldwide Release Date
    Feb 3, 2020

Last Updated Time
    Feb 26, 2024

Version
    8.0

Size
    102.71 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    Mudassar Ahmed

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 12.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.alllanguagetranslator.speakandtranslate

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Support Url

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1497303663
Unified App ID: 1000800000192706

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Speak & Translate * Translator | data.ai
