Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

TransKey - Chat Translator App
Aleksander SkjoelsvikReference (Applications)Free
Alerts

    TransKey - Chat Translator App
    TransKey - Chat Translator App

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
TransKey - Chat Translator App
Translation Keyboard Extension
Reference (Applications)
Free
iPhone Only
App Description
Chat in any language without switching apps! TransKey translates your messages in real-time within any app from the keyboard!

TransKey is the leading chat translator trusted by over 300,000 users and featured on sites like CNET, Product Hunt, Addictive Tips, and more!

Over 10,000 5-star App Store reviews!
"I didn't think something like this was possible, but I'm happy to say I've been proven wrong. This is a great app to have on your iPhone!"

―
WHAT IS IT

TransKey is a keyboard extension that translates your messages inside any app (such as WhatsApp, iMessage, Facebook, Email, and many more).

TransKey also works the other way around. Copy the text you can't understand and TransKey will show you what it means in your native language!

―
HOW DOES IT WORK

Write what you'd like to say, but before sending your message, tap and hold the Globe key to switch to TransKey. After selecting a target language, tap "Translate text" and watch your message get translated right in the app!

If you'd like to translate a message you received, tap and hold it until an option to "Copy" appears. In TransKey tap "Translate copy", and the translation will appear in the same place!

―

Never encounter another language barrier again when communicating with people in other countries! TransKey provides a flawless translation experience right in the messaging app of your choice unlike other translators which interrupt the flow by forcing you to switch to another app.

Unlike other translator keyboards, TransKey does not have a keyboard for typing. This allows you to use the keyboard you're most comfortable with, such as the iOS or SwiftKey keyboards.

―

Before TransKey:
1. Type your message
2. Copy the message
3. Exit the app you're currently using
4. Open a translation app
5. Paste your message
6. Translate the message
7. Copy the translated message
8. Exit the translation app
9. Open the chat app
10. Paste the translated message

After TransKey:
1. Type what you need to translate
2. Switch to TransKey
3. Tap translate

―
FEATURES

• Translate the last sentence of any text field directly within any app
• Translate received messages directly within any app
• Fast and accurate translation to and from over 100 languages
• Automatic detection of source language
• Copy the translation to be used anywhere
• Optimized for all iPhone screen sizes in both portrait and landscape
• Preserves capitalization and emojis

―

I built TransKey by myself, so if you enjoy the app please tell your friends about it, write a review on the App Store, or send me your thoughts through the app. I'd greatly appreciate it!

―
NOTICES

For accurate real-time translations, TransKey relies on industry leading machine-translation engines such as Google, Microsoft, and Yandex.

Full access is needed to communicate with the translator, the keyboard cannot function otherwise. We do not get access to everything you write, only the last sentence of the text field in focus when you are using TransKey. We do not store or keep a record of anything you translate, please read our Privacy Policy for further information.

Terms and Conditions: https://transkey.io/terms.pdf
Privacy Policy: https://transkey.io/privacy.pdf

TransKey is entirely free to use up to 10 translations per day. For a small fee you can upgrade to TransKey Premium, with unlimited high-quality translations. Subscriptions will be charged to your credit card through your iTunes Account and renew automatically unless cancelled at least 24 hours before the end of the period. You will not be able to cancel a subscription during the active period. You can manage your subscriptions in your Account Settings after purchase.

―
CONTACT US

Any questions, comments, or concerns? We'd love to hear them! Reach us directly by email at hello@transkey.io.
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.44
Total Displayed Ratings
28.0k

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 1.15.0 (Dec 16, 2023)
    Howdy! We've completely revamped the underlying in-app purchase infrastructure which should provide you with a more seamless experience with subscription renewals directly in the keyboard– no more restoring purchases in the companion app!

    Along with a number of other improvements we hope you enjoy this latest version of TransKey. As always, if you have any problems, questions, or concerns feel free to reach us directly at hello@transkey.io.
Version 1.14.6 (Aug 26, 2023)
    Things got a little out of hand with 1.14.5, so this new patch is coming in to save the day!

    I appreciate all the emails letting me know the last update broke TransKey Premium for some users. As always, don't hesitate to reach out at hello@transkey.io if you have any questions or comments.

    Best,
    Aleksander
Version 1.14.4 (Jan 30, 2023)
    We're on a streak! This time with yet another minor update containing bug fixes, improvements, and all that good stuff. 

    Hope you're enjoying TransKey!

    Best,
    Aleksander
Version 1.14.3 (Jan 16, 2023)
    Just some minor bug fixes and improvements coming your way.

    Happy new year!

    Best,
    Aleksander
Version 1.14.2 (Dec 16, 2020)
    Another minor update to keep things rolling smoothly. 

    If you were one of the affected users of a bug limiting your access to unlimited translations this should now be resolved. Thanks for your patience, and please reach out to me at hello@transkey.io with any further questions or comments!

    Best,
    Aleksander
Version 1.14.2 (Dec 16, 2020)
    Another minor update to keep things rolling smoothly. 

    If you were one of the affected users of a bug limiting your access to unlimited translations this should now be resolved. Thanks for your patience, and please reach out to me at hello@transkey.io with any further questions or comments!

    Best,
    Aleksander
Version 1.14.1 (Dec 15, 2020)
    Some bug fixes coming in hot at the tail end of the year. As always, if you encounter problems or have any questions at all feel free to email us at hello@transkey.io.

    We'd greatly appreciate it if you would drop a rating on the App Store too, that helps other potential users discover TransKey.

    Happy holidays!
    Aleksander.
Version 1.14.0 (May 25, 2020)
    Another day, another update – version 1.14.0 of TransKey has finally arrived and includes a large number of behind-the-scenes improvements to ensure your experience is better than ever.

    Please consider leaving a review in the App Store if you find TransKey helpful, it means a lot to us!

    As always, if you have any problems at all please feel free to email us any time at hello@alekapps.xyz.

    Aleksander.
Version 1.13.0 (Mar 21, 2020)
    We wanted to bring you some happy news amidst all the craziness – TransKey 1.13.0 is here!

    This update includes improvements to how the translation engine powering your translations is chosen, ensuring that even if one service is offline you can still translate your messages! It also allows you to manually set your preferred translation engine in the Options menu.

    We're continually working on making TransKey even better so that you never have to worry about texting someone in a foreign language. Please consider leaving a review in the App Store or sharing the app if you enjoy it, we'd really appreciate it!

    Should you run into any problems, you can reach us any time at hello@alekapps.xyz.

    Aleksander.
Version 1.12.1 (Mar 11, 2020)
    We're constantly working to improve TransKey, so here's an update that fixes some bugs and makes sure your experience is better than ever!

    If you have any questions, comments or would just like to chat, I'm all ears! Reach out on twitter at @alekplay or by email at hello@alekapps.xyz.

    - Aleksander
Version 1.12.0 (Mar 3, 2020)
    They said it was impossible. They said it couldn't be done. They said translating the entire message was a myth and "last sentence" was the best we could hope for. Well TransKey 1.12.0 is here to prove them wrong!

    Starting today, the entire message (not just the last sentence) will be translated allowing for even easier multi-sentence cross-language communication.

    And as if that wasn't enough, we've also made serious improvements to the Free Tier that we hope you'll love!

    In addition to scrapping the character-based limit for 10 translations per day, we've also given you additional options for extra translations ranging from answering a survey to watching an ad. Cha-ching.

    Should you run into any problems, reach us any time at hello@alekapps.xyz.

    And if you're enjoying TransKey, please consider leaving a review in the App Store. I'd really appreciate it!

    Aleksander.
Version 1.11.0 (Feb 13, 2020)
    Get ready to join the dark side with the new Dark Mode TransKey Keyboard!

    We've also made improvements to ensure your experience with TransKey is smoother than ever before.

    Should you run into any problems, reach us any time at hello@alekapps.xyz.

    And if you're enjoying TransKey, please consider leaving a review in the App Store. I'd really appreciate it!

    Aleksander.
Version 1.10.1 (Jan 28, 2020)
    Things got a little out of hand with our previous update, but fear not this hotfix is here to save the day. Thank you to everyone who emailed me to report the issue, I couldn't have resolved this as quickly without you!

    As always, if you encounter any issues please email us at hello@alekapps.xyz or reach out to me directly at @alekplay on Twitter.

    Aleksander
Version 1.10.0 (Jan 26, 2020)
    Say hello to version 1.10.0 of TransKey, which includes a number of changes to the onboarding making it even easier for new users to get started!

    In addition, we've also squashed a few bugs and made some improvements to ensure your experience with TransKey is smoother than ever.

    If you encounter any problems at all or just want to chat, you can reach us by email at hello@alekapps.xyz.

    And if you have a minute we'd really appreciate if you left a short review in the App Store!

    Aleksander.
Version 1.9.1 (Jan 17, 2020)
    Just a little fix coming in hot for you! This version of TransKey resolves an issue where some users would be kicked out of the companion app when it tried to verify your subscription status.

    Hopefully that's the last of 'em, but if you run into any other bugs please let us know at hello@alekapps.xyz.

    And psst, it'd mean the world to me if you would leave a quick review in the App Store!

    Aleksander.
Version 1.9.0 (Dec 15, 2019)
    Version 1.9.0 has landed and I hope you're as excited as I am because this update is jam packed with features you'll love!

    Here's just some of what I'm most excited about:
    - Switch languages even quicker by double tapping the one you want to select.
    - Translate back-and-forth when using "Detect Language" by tapping the arrow between them.

    Plus a bunch of smaller improvements that's sure to make your experience with TransKey even smoother, including (but not-limited-to):
    - Quickly access your most recently used languages by tapping the top of the languages screen.
    - See your membership level in the Keyboard.
    - Improved landscape layout.

    And as always we've squashed our fair share of bugs. Speaking of, if you run into any please let us know by contacting us at hello@alekapps.xyz.

    And it'd mean the world to me if you would leave a quick review in the App Store!

    Aleksander.
Version 1.8.0 (Nov 22, 2019)
    And we're back, this time with more improvements to ensure your experience with TransKey is better than ever! Specifically we improved the onboarding for new users, the TransKey Premium educational screens, and other bug fixes throughout.

    If you run into any issues or have feedback, please feel free to let me know by contacting me directly at hello@alekapps.xyz.

    And it'd mean the world to me if you could take a few seconds to leave a review in the App Store!

    Aleksander.
Version 1.7.3 (Nov 18, 2019)
    Just another update to keep the app running smoothly, plus a couple bug fixes!

    If there was anything we missed, or if you just have general feedback, please feel free to let me know by contacting me directly at hello@alekapps.xyz.

    And if you would be so kind to leave a review in the App Store we would greatly appreciate it!

    Aleksander.
Version 1.7.2 (Sep 26, 2019)
    As much as we all love dark mode, iOS 13 didn't come without issues.

    One of them prevented users on certain devices from switching away from the TransKey Keyboard – whoops. This update fixes that by always giving you a keyboard switch button.

    We have a packed update schedule over the next few weeks, so stay tuned for some cool new features and awesome improvements!
Version 1.7.1 (Mar 11, 2019)
    Some major minor-improvements coming your way!

    We heard your reports about issues with TransKey Premium not being recognized in the keyboard, and are happy to say that we've fixed and improved the entire subscription process!

    As always, if you stumble upon any issues please let me know by contacting me directly at hello@alekapps.xyz.

    If you enjoy TransKey please consider leaving a review in the App Store!
Version 1.7.0 (Dec 3, 2018)
    Think you're a TransKey expert? Think again! Check out the new Video Tutorials to learn power features such as how to translate multiple sentences!

    The Tutorials can be found by opening the TransKey Companion app and clicking "Video Tutorials" in the main menu.

    This update also includes a number of improvements to the on-boarding, making it easier than ever to get started with TransKey!

    As always, if you stumble upon any issues please let me know by contacting me directly at hello@alekapps.xyz.

    If you enjoy TransKey please consider leaving a review in the App Store!
Version 1.6.4 (Nov 17, 2018)
    Moder under-the-hood updates and bug fixes coming your way!

    If you have any issues, suggestions, or just general feedback, please feel free to reach out to me directly at aleksander@alekapps.xyz or @alekplay on Twitter.
Version 1.6.3 (Nov 14, 2018)
    This update has yet another set of under-the-hood fixes that will ultimately allow me to build you a much better product. Exciting!

    It also includes a few bug fixes and user experience improvements, so I hope you enjoy!

    If you happen to stumble upon any other bugs, have any suggestions, or just general comments, please feel free to reach me directly at aleksander@alekapps.xyz or @alekplay on Twitter.
Version 1.6.2 (Oct 19, 2018)
    Just a few quick bug fixes coming your way!

    If you happen to stumble upon any other bugs, have any suggestions, or just general comments, please feel free to reach me directly at aleksander@alekapps.xyz or @alekplay on Twitter.

    Enjoy!
Version 1.6.1 (Oct 17, 2018)
    This minor release introduces some major improvements to the user management system.

    While you won't notice many changes, things are moving much smoother behind-the-scenes. One thing you'll love is that your TransKey Premium membership is now synchronized across all your devices.

    This means you can buy TransKey Premium once, use it everywhere without having to Restore Purchases on the other devices!

    This is the second update in a series aimed at making using TransKey a smoother experience, which will include confirming subscription status in the keyboard, and much more.

    If you happen to stumble upon any bugs, have any suggestions, or just general comments, please feel free to reach me directly at aleksander@alekapps.xyz or @alekplay on Twitter.

    Enjoy!
Version 1.6.0 (Jul 2, 2018)
    And we're back! This time we've got some major behind-the-scenes improvements in store for you, namely a new user management system.

    What this means for you is synchronization of your data and account across all your devices, a better Referral Program signup flow, and more.

    This is the first update in a series of updates aimed at making using TransKey a smoother experience, which will include synchronization of Premium membership across devices, confirming subscription status in the keyboard, and much more.

    As always, we've squashed our fair share of bugs as well!

    If you happen to stumble upon any other bugs, have any suggestions, or just general comments, please feel free to reach me directly at aleksander@alekapps.xyz or @alekplay on Twitter.

    Enjoy!
Version 1.5.1 (May 6, 2018)
    New version coming in hot with a few bug fixes and smaller improvements!

    As always, if you notice any issues or have suggestions, please reach out to me on Twitter @alekplay or by email at aleksander@alekapps.xyz. Thanks for using TransKey!
Version 1.5.0 (Apr 27, 2018)
    Two updates in one week? We're on a roll! This one isn't as exciting, but we've still made some cool changes!

    • If you run out of translations while using the keyboard, you can now easily open the TransKey companion app to either upgrade or start referring friends!
    • Did Full Access somehow turn off? No worries, jump straight to the settings screen from the keyboard!
    • You referred some friends, redeemed the Premium, but oh no, it's about to expire! You'll now get a helpful reminder when it's time to upgrade!
    • The on-boarding just got a little smarter, and will direct you based on what you've already completed!

    And as always, you can count on the bugs being squish squashed.

    Did you find any other bugs, have any suggestions, or just general comments? I'd love to hear them! Reach me directly at @alekplay on Twitter or by email at aleksander@alekapps.xyz.

    Happy translating!
Version 1.4.0 (Apr 13, 2018)
    We've got some big ticket items in store for you this time, read on to find out more!

    • Like saving money? Buy a yearly subscription to TransKey Premium and save around 60% off the monthly price!*
    • Like free stuff even more? Share TransKey and get a free week of Premium for each friend you refer!**
    • Are you more of the freeloader type? Don't worry, we 
Version 1.3.2 (Dec 9, 2017)
    !Transkey مرحبا بك في
    Today we're welcoming our Arabic speaking neighbors with a complete Arabic localization!

    Other than that I've:
    • Been hard at work squashing a few bugs.
    • Reenabled the keyboard switcher on iPhone X devices to avoid that sticky situation when you're using an non-optimized app and suddenly can't swap keyboards.

    If you find Transkey useful, please consider sharing the app with your friends. You can simply tap "Share" straight from the keyboard. I'd greatly appreciate it!

    And remember, if you ever run out of translations I recommend upgrading to Transkey Premium for unlimited higher quality translations! For a small monthly fee you can unlock all the features Transkey has to offer, and you'd help support the future development of this app.

    If you find any bugs or have feature requests, please feel free to email me through the Transkey app or tweet me @alekplay!
Version 1.3.1 (Nov 13, 2017)
    Just a few visual improvements to the main app in this one, read on to find out more.

    • The entire interface now bounces ever so pleasantly
    • The app will guide you through the purchase process if you upgrade to Transkey Premium
    • New unified interface for restoring purchases and refreshing subscription status
    • That pesky app review prompt that appeared on the first launch is now gone
    • Minor bug fixes and improvements

    If you find Transkey useful, please consider sharing the app with your friends. You can simply tap "Share" straight from the keyboard. I'd greatly appreciate it!

    And remember, if you ever run out of translations I recommend upgrading to Transkey Premium for unlimited higher quality translations! For a small monthly fee you can unlock all the features Transkey has to offer, and you'd help support the future development of this app.

    If you find any bugs or have feature requests, please feel free to email me through the Transkey app or tweet me @alekplay!
Version 1.3.0 (Oct 30, 2017)
    Thank you to everyone for downloading Transkey! We've got some cool new updates in this version we're excited to share with you, so read on to find out more!

    • The main app has been completely redesigned, making it easier than ever to find the information you're looking for
    • We've moved away from offering individual translators, and now provide a unified Premium subscription with unlimited translations powered by Google Translate*
    • A brand new onboarding flow makes it super easy to install and get started using Transkey

    Other improvements:
    • The app and keyboard now supports the iPhone X
    • The in-keyboard share functionality now links directly to the App Store page
    • You can now refresh your subscription directly from the keyboard

    If you enjoy Transkey, it would mean a lot if you left a short review on the App Store and shared the app with others who may also like it. Thanks :)

    Please reach out to me at @alekplay if you notice any bugs or have feature requests!

    *You can still use Transkey for free with the Yandex Translator engine for up to 90 characters per day as before. Microsoft Translator subscribers will retain their service indefinitely.
Version 1.2.1 (Sep 30, 2017)
    Just a few quick bug fixes in this one!
Version 1.2.0 (Sep 29, 2017)
    • The new toolbar makes it easy to see how many characters you have left, upgrade when you're running low, and share TransKey with friends - directly from the keyboard!
    • No more monthly character limit on the free tier!
    • Upgrade your translator engine straight from the App Store if you're running iOS 11!

    Other improvements:
    • Speed up keyboard launch time
    • Fix keyboard layout issues
    • Squash some of the most common bugs

    If you enjoy the application, it would mean a lot if you left a short review on the App Store. Thanks :)

    Please reach out to me if you notice any bugs or have feature requests!
Version 1.1.2 (Sep 15, 2017)
    The Yandex Translator issues have been fixed, the free tier should be stable again now!

    Please bear in mind that there is a limit on the number of translations per day/ month on the free tier. If you use TransKey a lot, I suggest upgrading for unlimited better quality translations. You'd also support the future development of this app :)

    If you enjoy TransKey, please consider leaving a review in the App Store. It'd mean a lot!

    If you have any questions or comments, please feel free to reach out to me at hello@alekapps.xyz.
Version 1.1.1 (Sep 7, 2017)
    Only a few small changes and behind-the-scenes improvements this time!

    • New app icon.
    • Improved renewing subscription flow: a status page will appear if your subscription has expired while checking for updates in the main app.
    • Bug fixes.
Version 1.1.0 (Jul 21, 2017)
    Choose your favorite translator!
    You can now easily switch between Google Translate, Microsoft Translator, and Yandex Translate in the main application. The translation engine you select will be used for all translations with the TransKey keyboard.

    Other improvements:
    • Minor bug fixes throughout the application
    • Optimizations for iPhone SE and iPhone 7+ screen sizes

    Please reach out to me if you notice any bugs or have feature requests!

    If you enjoy the application, it would mean a lot if you left a short review on the App Store. Thanks :)

    Please note that TransKey is still free to use with Yandex Translate. For a small monthly fee you can upgrade to one of our premium translator engines, Microsoft Translator or Google Translate. Please see description for further information.
Version 1.0.3 (Apr 13, 2017)
    • New more structured design and layout, making the app even easier to use!
    • Optimizations for landscape orientation
    • Minor bug fixes

    If you like TransKey, I would appreciate if you left a short review. Thanks :)

    Please reach out if you notice any bugs or have any feature requests!
Version 1.0.2 (Apr 4, 2017)
    TransKey was so popular, Microsoft had to block it from making any further translations! Everything is up and running again now though, sorry about that :)

    If you think the app is useful, please consider leaving a review in the App Store. Feel free to include any suggestions and feedback. Thank you! :)

    ---

    This version includes a few minor additions and bug fixes:

    • Added a button to swap the source and target language, as requested by a user
    • Made error messages more understandable
    • Minor bug fixes
Version 1.0.1 (Mar 26, 2017)
    We've surpassed 2 million translations per month! Thanks to everyone for downloading TransKey so far.

    Please consider leaving a review on the App Store if you like the app, it'd mean a lot :)

    - - -

    We've got some exciting features coming up soon, but for now just a few minor updates:

    Added iOS 10 compatibility.
    • Updated translator api to avoid service interruption.
    • Created a nicer pick to/ from language layout.
    • Created a new on-boarding experience.
    • Fixed layout bug affecting keyboard labels.
    • Fixed other minor bugs.

    Please feel free to reach out to me if you notice any bugs or have feature requests!
Version 1.0.0 (Sep 14, 2015)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Arabic Dictionary - Dict Box
Arabic Translator Offline
TEUIDA Learn Korean & Japanese
Learn Korean! - Hangul
Kaomoji -- Japanese Emoticons
Write It! Korean
Eggbun: Learn Korean Fun
Language Translator: Easy・Fast
Learn Russian Language & Vocab
Translate Now - AI Translator
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Translation
Translation
Apps that help users translate words or texts from one language into another.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
iPhone Market
Not featuredon App Store homepage
1 time
on App Store category pages
Versions

    1.15.0
    Current release
    Dec 16, 2023
    1.14.6
    Aug 26, 2023
    1.14.4
    Jan 30, 2023
    1.14.3
    Jan 16, 2023
    1.14.2
    Dec 16, 2020
    1.14.2
    Dec 16, 2020
    1.14.1
    Dec 15, 2020
    1.14.0
    May 25, 2020
    1.13.0
    Mar 21, 2020
    1.12.1
    Mar 11, 2020
    1.12.0
    Mar 3, 2020
    1.11.0
    Feb 13, 2020
    1.10.1
    Jan 28, 2020
    1.10.0
    Jan 26, 2020
    1.9.1
    Jan 17, 2020
    1.9.0
    Dec 15, 2019
    1.8.0
    Nov 22, 2019
    1.7.3
    Nov 18, 2019
    1.7.2
    Sep 26, 2019
    1.7.1
    Mar 11, 2019
    1.7.0
    Dec 3, 2018
    1.6.4
    Nov 17, 2018
    1.6.3
    Nov 14, 2018
    1.6.2
    Oct 19, 2018
    1.6.1
    Oct 17, 2018
    1.6.0
    Jul 2, 2018
    1.5.1
    May 6, 2018
    1.5.0
    Apr 27, 2018
    1.4.0
    Apr 13, 2018
    1.3.2
    Dec 9, 2017
    1.3.1
    Nov 13, 2017
    1.3.0
    Oct 30, 2017
    1.2.1
    Sep 30, 2017
    1.2.0
    Sep 29, 2017
    1.1.2
    Sep 15, 2017
    1.1.1
    Sep 7, 2017
    1.1.0
    Jul 21, 2017
    1.0.3
    Apr 13, 2017
    1.0.2
    Apr 4, 2017
    1.0.1
    Mar 26, 2017
    1.0.0
    Sep 14, 2015

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    TransKey Premium (monthly)
    $6.99
    TransKey Premium (yearly)
    $34.99
    TransKey Premium (monthly)
    $6.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone

Category
    Reference

Initial Release Date
    Sep 14, 2015

Worldwide Release Date
    Sep 14, 2015

Last Updated Time
    Feb 19, 2024

Version
    1.15.0

Size
    21.81 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    Aleksander Skjoelsvik

Company HQ
    United States

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 16.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    me.aleksanders.TransKey

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Support Url

App Privacy Policy Url

Company Website

App ID: 1021102012

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

TransKey - Chat Translator App | data.ai
