Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Voice Translator- All Language
Nalin SavaliyaProductivity (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Nalin Savaliya

    Voice Translator- All Language
    Voice Translator- All Language

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Voice Translator- All Language
Voice Translator- All Language
Productivity (Applications)
Free
App Description
Translate accurately and smoothly, Copy-Share text, with Voice-Input. Install now Free Translator - All Language, this simple app can quickly translate from Any language to other language - words as well as complete sentences. Instant translation and the full validity of the words. You can also translate sentences or whole text, in just a split second. Also this app can be used as you mini dictionary. Also you can mark your text as favourite so that next time you can translate with one click.

If you are looking for a translator, that quickly and accurately translate any text, voice, photo & picture from a foreign one to your native language or vice versa, this one is for you. You don't need the help of a live translator anymore! Feel free to translater a spanish, russian, italian, japanese, french, portuguese and more than 100 languages.

Voice Translator - All Language translates separate words, phrases or text. You can either let it listen to spoken languages. The multi-language translation will be carried out instantly and precisely. You will be able to see the translation and listen to it.

Voice Translator - Translate can translate voice and text. you can use the voice recognition and listen your translation too. The translation engine uses artificial intelligence. English Spanish translator and many more. AI voice translate in a single translator. You can translate with the new AI assistant.

Enjoy our translation engine with dictionary, definitions and synonyms. Language translator with pronunciation and AI text. You can share the text and audio of the translation. Use the dictionary with definitions to learn languages. Translate voice is a reality thanks to voice recognition. Talk & translate and hear the translation including accents and pronunciations. It includes AI assistant for better translations

Learn languages, speak to translate text and phrases. Share audio or text of the translation. It is a AI text translator with dictionary, proverbs and verbs that will help you to speak and listen. This is your translator with AI assistant


Camera translator can easily recognize written characters. Show it a road sign, a restaurant menu, a document, a foreign newspaper or translate text from images by choosing from the gallery. Smart algorithms independently translate using the camera.


*Features*
- Helps to overcome the conversational barrier with foreigners.
- Its design is sleek and its interface is intuitive. It only takes you just a couple of minutes to figure out how it functions.
- Instant translate words, sentence
- View your previously translated texts
- Mark Favorites
- Easy to translate into Multi Language
- Voice Input: Typing with your voice, speak and your text will be typed
- Instant translation response

Autodetect language, location language, Afrikaans, Albanian, Amharic, Arabic, Armenian, Azerbaijani, Bangla, Basque, Belarusian, Bosnian, Bulgarian, Burmese, Cantonese, Catalan, Cebuano, Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Corsican, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Esperanto, Estonian, Fijian, Finnish, French, Galician, Georgian, German, Greek, Gujarati, Haitian Creole, Hausa, Hawaiian, Hebrew, Hindi, Hmong, Hungarian, Icelandic, Igbo, Indonesian, Irish, Italian, Japanese, Javanese, Kannada, Kazakh, Khmer, Korean, , Kurdish, Kyrgyz, Lao, Latin, Latvian, Lithuanian, Luxembourgish, Macedonian, Malagasy, Malay, Malayalam, Maltese, Maori, Marathi, Mongolia, Nepali, Norwegian, Norwegian Bokmal, Nyanja, Pashto, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Romanian, Russian, Samoan, Scottish Gaelic, Serbian, Shona, Sindhi, Sinhala, Slovak, Slovenian, Somali, Southern Sotho, Spanish translator, Sundanese, Swahili, Swedish, Tagalog, Tahitian, Tajik, Tamil, Telugu, Thai, Tongan, Turkish, Ukrainian, Urdu, Uzbek, Vietnamese, Welsh, Xhosa, Yiddish, Yoruba and Zulu

For more information :
Privacy Policy : http://nhapplab.in/privacy_policy.html
Terms of Use : http://nhapplab.in/terms_of_use.html
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
N/A
Total Displayed Ratings
N/A

No data is available.
Pie chart with 3 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
No data is available.
See More
What's New

Version 3.3 (Nov 11, 2023)
    - Fixed minor bugs.
Version 3.1 (Aug 23, 2023)
    - Fixed text to audio feature for the newer iOS versions.
    - Fixed crash.
Version 3.0 (Oct 29, 2021)
    - Added new languages and features.
    - Enhanced user interface to match current industry standards. 
Version 1.3 (Jun 5, 2018)
    fix some minor bugs..
Version 1.2 (Apr 27, 2018)
    fix some minor bugs..
Version 1.0 (Apr 19, 2018)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
All Language Translator App
Voice & Text Translate
Best Live Voice Translator
Speech to Text Convertor
Speak and Translate - Voice
Voice Translator•
Translate All Language ®
Translate All Language Voice
Voice and Text Translator App
Translate: Language Translator
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Translation
Translation
Apps that help users translate words or texts from one language into another.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
iPhone Market
Not featuredon App Store homepage
1 time
on App Store category pages
Versions

    3.3
    Current release
    Nov 11, 2023
    3.1
    Aug 23, 2023
    3.0
    Oct 29, 2021
    1.3
    Jun 5, 2018
    1.2
    Apr 27, 2018
    1.0
    Apr 19, 2018

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Voice Translator Lifetime
    $54.99
    Voice Translator One Month
    $16.99
    Voice Translator One Week
    $6.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Productivity

Initial Release Date
    Apr 19, 2018

Worldwide Release Date
    Apr 22, 2018

Last Updated Time
    Mar 4, 2024

Version
    3.3

Size
    51.51 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    Nalin Savaliya

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    bee.VoiceTranslator.com

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Support Url

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1372642179

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Voice Translator- All Language | data.ai
