Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Brazilian Translator - BraGo
AmazinProProductivity (Applications)Free
Alerts

    AmazinPro

    Brazilian Translator - BraGo
    Brazilian Translator - BraGo

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Brazilian Translator - BraGo
Translate voice, text, photo
Productivity (Applications)
Free
App Promotional Text
Translate voice, text, photo in Brazilian into 45 languages and vice versa accurately, extremely convenient.
App Description
Hi ! BraGo is the leading Brazilian portuguese Translator with a lot of outstanding features such as accurate voice translator, translate any text in 45 languages to Brazilian portuguese or Brazilian portuguese to any language and extremely useful photo translating feature or learn speaking Brazilian portuguese more easily.

Translate work-related documents, voice when traveling or working abroad, get the meaning of different words in photo, signal .

FEATURES
• Get text translation to Brazilian portuguese from many languages over the world.
• Listen to voice translator in male or female voices.
• Switch between different dialects .
• Keyboard Extension
• Transliteration, Sharing, Favorites, History, learn and much more.
• Learn Brazilian portuguese language like speaking, translating
• Use your camera to instantly translate menus or signs and more from any language to Brazilian portuguese.
• Speech translator, learn speaking Brazilian portuguese or any language easily


MORE DETAILS
Less data, faster translation

* Convenient for regular use with professional pronunciation
* Al Camera Translator
* Learn Brazilian portuguese and other languages more easily.
* Multilingual app
* No login required, safe, friendly use easily


1) Translate text
Real-time text translation for phrases and words, voice from any language to Brazilian portuguese. From keyboard, you can choose any language, type easily. learn languages more convenient

2) Photo Translator
Automatically recognize and translate text in photo by using camera or scan photo and pressing a button, can touch a word to know its meaning or see all translated. learn every Where, any time.

3) Voice translator
Real-time speech translator to both text and audio, tap-to-play again and learn speaking languages.

4) Translate conversation
The voice translating feature translates to Brazilian portuguese and vice versa, translate text to voice with typing from keyboard.

5) Learn Brazilian portuguese Language
learn speaking Brazilian portuguese to assess of pronunciation with the feature of Voice Translator

learn more about BraGo at: https://www.youpro.store/BraGo

SUPPORT
Visit https://www.youpro.store/BraGo
Support Email: AmazinproService@gmail.com
Terms of use: https://www.youpro.store/terms-of-use
Privacy policy: https://www.youpro.store/privacy-policy

For complete access to all Brazilian portuguese translator feature, you will need to allow access to the following:

*Camera & Photo Gallery – this translator help to translate photo easily to Brazilian portuguese Language.
*Microphone & Speech Recognition – so that speech-to-speech translation will work.
*Notifications – so that you can keep informed about new app feature and interesting language facts.

Payments and Renewal in this translator:
* Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
* Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period.
* You can manage or turn off auto-renew in your Account settings at any time after purchase
* No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during the active period.

Supported languages & dialects on the translator:
Arabic, Bengali, Bulgarian, Catalan, Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Filipino, Italian, Finnish, Brazilian portuguese, Brazilian portuguese, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Korean, Japanese, Kannada, French, Latvian, Malay, Malayalam, Norwegian, Polish, Brazilian portuguese, Punjabi, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish, Tamil, Telugu, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
N/A
Total Displayed Ratings
N/A

No data is available.
Pie chart with 3 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
No data is available.
See More
What's New

Version 2.9.9 (Apr 8, 2023)
    Upgrade the Experience of the leading Brazilian Translator App loved by many users worldwide. Share to your friends for installation.
Version 1.9.9 (Nov 12, 2022)
    Update some features to improve the user experience. The application is built with the efforts and enthusiasm of the whole team. Hope to get your positive rating. Please share this App with your friends through the share to friends feature included in the App.
Version 1.5.9 (Oct 4, 2022)
    Update some features to improve the user experience. The application is built with the efforts and enthusiasm of the whole team. Hope to get your positive rating. Please share this App with your friends through the share to friends feature included in the App.
Version 1.1.9 (Sep 25, 2022)
    Update some features to improve the user experience. The application is built with the efforts and enthusiasm of the whole team. Hope to get your positive rating. Please share this App with your friends through the share to friends feature included in the App.
Version 1.0.5 (Aug 29, 2022)
    Update some features to improve the user experience. The application is built with the efforts and enthusiasm of the whole team. Hope to get your positive rating. Please share this App with your friends through the share to friends feature included in the App.
Version 1.0.0 (Aug 26, 2022)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Portuguese Translator Offline
Internet Translator Simple
AI Translate Camera Translator
gTranslate Translator
Typely - AI Keyboard
GaleAI
Babelfish Translator
Widget Translator -
Photo translation
Krystallize
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Translation
Translation
Apps that help users translate words or texts from one language into another.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    2.9.9
    Current release
    Apr 8, 2023
    1.9.9
    Nov 12, 2022
    1.5.9
    Oct 4, 2022
    1.1.9
    Sep 25, 2022
    1.0.5
    Aug 29, 2022
    1.0.0
    Aug 26, 2022

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Monthly Premium
    $17.99
    Weekly Premium
    $6.99
    Yearly Premium
    $119.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Productivity

Initial Release Date
    Aug 26, 2022

Worldwide Release Date
    Aug 26, 2022

Last Updated Time
    Mar 3, 2024

Version
    2.9.9

Size
    110.25 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    AmazinPro Technology Solutions And Training Company Limited

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.amazinpro.brago

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1641676884

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Brazilian Translator - BraGo | data.ai
