Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

EveryQuote: Quote Collector
Double5Media LLCPhoto and Video (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Double5Media LLC

    EveryQuote: Quote Collector
    EveryQuote: Quote Collector

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
EveryQuote: Quote Collector
Find, Create, and Share Quotes
Photo and Video (Applications)
Free
App Description
ADD, CATEGORIZE, & SHARE QUOTES. EASILY FROM ANYWHERE.

EveryQuote version 4, the latest version of the popular quote organizer, comes equipped with sleek new design and advanced features to inspire users like never before.

DISCOVER. QUOTES DAILY.

Get inspired every day with our app’s new and popular quotes updated daily. Whether you’re looking for motivation, wisdom, or just a little bit of humor, we have something for everyone. Looking for a specific quote? Search our database by keyword or phrase to find the perfect words to fit your mood. And when you find a quote you love, save it to one of your categories so you can easily access it later.

BOOK QUOTES. REMEMBER INSIGHTS.

Easily save and organize key quotes from your favorite books in a separate category. Never forget the most important insights from your favorite reads again! Your personal cliffnotes, designed to help you remember the most impactful points from the books you love. With our intuitive interface, you can quickly and easily find the quotes you’re looking for, so you can refer back to them whenever you need a reminder.

CATEGORIZE. MEMORABLE QUOTES.

Categorize your favorite quotes by books, people, and topics, so you can find the inspiration you’re looking for whenever you need it. Bookmark your favorite quotes for easy access, and never lose track of the insights that matter most to you. And with our inbox feature, newly added quotes are always waiting for you to categorize them. That means you never have to worry about losing track of an inspiring quote again.

VIEW QUOTES QUICKLY. SHARE EVEN QUICKER.

Quickly peruse all the quotes in a category, so you can find the inspiration you’re looking for in no time. And when you find a quote you love, sharing it is just a press-and-hold away. With our quick share menu, you can easily share your favorite quotes with anyone – whether you prefer to share the quote itself, or a beautiful image featuring the quote. But that’s not all – we’ve also included a live camera-to-text translation feature, which lets you instantly capture and translate quotes from any printed source, right on your phone. And with our powerful inbox feature, you can continue reading and adding quotes without interruption. Simply select a category to add the quote to, or leave it in the default inbox category for later categorization. It’s that simple.

ADDING QUOTES. NEVER GOT EASIER.

With our intuitive interface, you can quickly and easily enter your favorite quotes by typing them out, or simply speaking them aloud. And with our powerful image-to-text translation feature, you can even capture quotes from your favorite books or magazines just by taking a picture. Add quotes from anywhere – just select any text outside of the app, tap the share menu, and select “Save to EveryQuote” to instantly save the quote to the app without ever opening it.

MAKE NOTES. MAKE MEMORIES

Add notes for any quote, so you can capture your thoughts and ideas right alongside your favorite quotes. And with our powerful chapter and page information feature, you’ll never lose track of where you found that inspiring quote.
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
N/A
Total Displayed Ratings
N/A

No data is available.
Pie chart with 3 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
No data is available.
See More
What's New

Version 4.0.1 (Dec 6, 2023)
    - Bug fix: Fixed app crashing while attempting to choose an image when creating a new category.
Version 4.0.0 (May 11, 2023)
    EveryQuote version 4, the latest version of the popular quote organizer, comes equipped with sleek new design and advanced quote adding features to inspire users like never before.
Version 3.0 (Apr 15, 2022)
    - Added category designations: Books, People, and Topics.
    - Mark books completed.
    - All quotes get background images automatically for fast easy sharing.
    - All new Discover tab with search features to find any quote you want when you need it.
    - Instantly share to Instagram and text messages either as text or image.
    - Removed social networking aspect of the app.
    - All quotes are save offline on your own device.
    - No profile data is stored.
    - Must retrieve quotes by 12/31/2022, all data including profile data will be deleted 1/1/2023.
Version 2.2.0 (May 10, 2020)
    Languages! The app is now available in 30 languages! Now you can store your favorite quote in your native tongue.
Version 2.1.0 (Apr 22, 2020)
    - All new quote creation tools.
    - All new searchable quote database.
    - All new font selections.
    - Ability to remove embedded ads throughout the app.
    - Ability to share quotes with users and feed within the app.
    - Ability to share quote categories with users and to the feed.
Version 1.1 (Oct 28, 2019)
    Explore quotes without creating a user account. 
Version 1.0 (Oct 17, 2019)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Quotes Maker-Motivation Quotes
Quote Maker - Typographic Art
MingKi Album Widgets
Quote Creator - iQuote
Collage Frame Widget
Photo Editor - Photo Art
RocoStar
Bokeh Effect Photo Editor
Word Story - Quote Maker & Art
FLDR, FOR LIFE DONE RIGHT
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    4.0.1
    Current release
    Dec 6, 2023
    4.0.0
    May 11, 2023
    3.0
    Apr 15, 2022
    2.2.0
    May 10, 2020
    2.1.0
    Apr 22, 2020
    1.1
    Oct 28, 2019
    1.0
    Oct 17, 2019

See More
About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Photo and Video

Initial Release Date
    Oct 16, 2019

Worldwide Release Date
    Oct 16, 2019

Last Updated Time
    Apr 21, 2024

Version
    4.0.1

Size
    156.61 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    Double5Media LLC

Content Rating
    Rated 9+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 13.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.double5media.everyquoteapp

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Support Url

App Privacy Policy Url

App License Url

App ID: 1481859221

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

EveryQuote: Quote Collector | data.ai
