Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Greek Keyboard : Translator
Rushikesh TrivediUtilities (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Rushikesh Trivedi

    Greek Keyboard : Translator
    Greek Keyboard : Translator

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Greek Keyboard : Translator
Greek type made fun and easy!
Utilities (Applications)
Free
App Description
**** Greek Keyboard and Translator *****

If you want to write something in Greek, but have still not mastered the language, use this Greek keyboard and translator, the best Greek keyboard and translator for iOS. You can easily write and if there is any mistake, or you are not able to recall some particular word that would fit, it offers an auto suggestion very quickly, and more importantly very precisely. Even if you are an expert at Greek language, you can use this Greek keyboard and translator iOS that has a multitude of features and functionalities to make your message appealing to the eye and compelling to the mind of the reader.

This best Greek Keyboard And Translator for iOS has been researched very well, so whatever word you intend to write, it picks it up without offering irrelevant word suggestions. This is the reason that makes it the best Greek Keyboard And Translator for iOS users.

Next, once you write in Greek, you can translate the text to any language of the world just by a few clicks. So you can compare your content both in intent and syntax with other languages easily. Complete your Greek writing tasks very easily with this Greek keyboard and Translator for iOS. Change font colors, keyboard skins, background images and what not. This Greek Keyboard And Translator is all yours to explore.

App Features
• Easily write messages in Greek language with the Greek keyboard for iOS.
• Changing the font, the colour, underlining features inbuilt in this Greek keyboard iOS.
• Directly share messages or delete them with the best Greek Keyboard And Translator for iOS as you’d like.
• Keypress sound functionality and vibration functionality to make tying feel fun.
• Change colours for the Background colour, Key background colour, Keyboard text colour, Suggestion box colour etc, so that typing does not seem boring and monotonous with this Greek keyboard for iOS.
• With the Greek keyboard for iOS, you can even set your own image in the background.
• If you do not wish to spend a lot of time in the setup, use the default theme that comes in built in the best Greek Keyboard and Translator for iOS.
• A colour picker allows you to pick any colour of your choice.
• You can also pick out from the many available themes for the keyboard.
• Another important feature in the Greek keyboard and Translator, and one that makes this the best Greek keyboard and Translator for iOS is its adaptability with apps. Use the keyboard extension feature to type Greek directly into any app.
• If you later wish to translate your Greek message to any other language, you can easily do so as there are a number of languages already pre-installed in this Greek keyboard and Translator with iOS software.

How To Use
• Install the application from Apple AppStore as it is meant for iOS users.
• Once the software for this best Greek keyboard and Translator for iOS is installed, you can use the enable extension feature in this app, to sync it with any other app where you want to start writing Greek.
• Now use the apps background and theme settings to customise before you start typing, or go with the default theme in the best Greek Keyboard for iOS.
• Once you start typing, you can underline, colour or change the font of any letter to emphasise or de-emphasise it in this best Greek Keyboard And Translator for iOS.
• Once you’re done with your writing in Greek, you can use the translator feature in the best Greek Keyboard And Translator for iOS to convert the text into any other language as well.
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
N/A
Total Displayed Ratings
N/A

No data is available.
Pie chart with 3 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
No data is available.
See More
What's New

Version 1.1.1 (Sep 29, 2023)
    GDPR consent is added.
Version 1.1 (Jan 17, 2023)
    History is added.
Version 1.0 (Dec 22, 2021)
Version 1.0 (Dec 22, 2021)
    History is added.

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Greek Keyboard - Translator
Greek - English : Translator
Greek | Greek Keyboard
Macedonian Keyboard Translator
Italian Keyboard - Translator
Russian Keyboard & Translator
Turkish Keyboard & Translator
Coptic Keyboard
Ukrainian Keyboard -Translator
Armenian Keyboard - Translator
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Keyboard
Keyboard
Apps that allow users to choose and customize their keyboards as well as provide various fonts and themes for their keyboard.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
iPhone Market
Not featuredon App Store homepage
1 time
on App Store category pages
Versions

    1.1.1
    Current release
    Sep 29, 2023
    1.1
    Jan 17, 2023
    1.0
    Dec 22, 2021
    1.0
    Dec 22, 2021

See More
About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Utilities

Initial Release Date
    Dec 22, 2021

Worldwide Release Date
    Dec 22, 2021

Last Updated Time
    Feb 24, 2024

Version
    1.1.1

Size
    31.68 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    Rushikesh Trivedi

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 12.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.allkeyboard.GreekKeyboard

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1601361038

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Greek Keyboard : Translator | data.ai
