Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Talk Translator : Voice, Photo
AmazinProProductivity (Applications)Free
Alerts

    AmazinPro

    Talk Translator : Voice, Photo
    Talk Translator : Voice, Photo

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Talk Translator : Voice, Photo
Translate camera, Translation
Productivity (Applications)
Free
App Promotional Text
Translate voice, photo & camera from 46 languages to your language and vice versa accurately.
App Description
eTranslator is the leading translator with a lot of outstanding features such as accurate voice translator, translate photo & camera any text over 46 languages, an extremely useful text translating feature.

Translate work-related documents, talk translation when traveling or working abroad, get the meaning of different words in photo and signal, make your life more easily.

FEATURES
• Voice-to-Voice translator.
• Use your camera to instantly translate any photo, menus or signs and more.
• Get text translation in any language over the world.
• Listen to voice translator in male or female voices.
• Switch between different dialects in this talk translator

MORE DETAILS

* Less data, faster translation
* Convenient for regular use with professional pronunciation
* Al Camera Translator
* Multilingual app for many languages like chinese, spanish, italian, french, english, vietnamese, portuguese, korean, Tagalog, hindi ...
* No login required, safe, friendly use easily

1) Talk Translator
Real-time voice translator to both text and audio, tap-to-play again.

2) Translate Photo
Automatically recognize and translate text in photo by using camera or scan photo and pressing a button, can touch a word to know its meaning or see all translated phrases.

3) Translate text
Real-time translation for phrases and words, voice to text translation from any language.

4) Translator with Speech
The voice translating feature translates to any your language and vice versa

5) Learn languages
Learn speaking any language to assess of pronunciation with the feature of Voice Translator

CONTACT

Website: https://www.youpro.store/etranslator
Subscribe us on Youtube : https://www.youtube.com/@eTranslatorOfficial
Like & share on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/voicephototranslator
Support Email: AmazinproService@gmail.com
Terms of use: https://www.youpro.store/terms-of-use
Privacy policy: https://www.youpro.store/privacy-policy

For complete access to all Translator features like translating Voice, Photo & Camera, you will need to allow access to the following:

*Camera & Photo Gallery – this translator help to translate photo using camera easily.
*Microphone & Speech Recognition – so that speech-to-speech translator will work.

Payments and Renewal in this Talk translator:
* Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
* Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period.
* You can manage or turn off auto-renew in your Account settings at any time after purchase.

Supported languages on the Talk translator:

Arabic, Bengali, Bulgarian, Catalan, Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Filipino, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Kannada, Korean, Latvian, Malay, Malayalam, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish, Tamil, Telugu, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.88
Total Displayed Ratings
17

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 9.9.15 (Dec 9, 2023)
    Upgrade some features. Translate any language into your language and vice versa useful and convenient. This application is a passionate product of a whole team - We look forward to receiving your support and positive reviews.
Version 9.9.12 (Nov 15, 2023)
    Upgrade some features. Translate any language into your language and vice versa useful and convenient. This application is a passionate product of a whole team - We look forward to receiving your support and positive reviews.
Version 9.9.9 (Nov 3, 2023)
    Upgrade some features. Translate any language into your language and vice versa useful and convenient. This application is a passionate product of a whole team - We look forward to receiving your support and positive reviews.
Version 2.9.9 (Nov 13, 2022)
    Update some features to improve the user experience. The application is built with the efforts and enthusiasm of the whole team. Hope to get your positive rating. Please share this App with your friends through the share to friends feature included in the App.
Version 1.9.9 (Oct 27, 2022)
    Update some features to improve the user experience. The application is built with the efforts and enthusiasm of the whole team. Hope to get your positive rating. Please share this App with your friends through the share to friends feature included in the App.
Version 1.5.9 (Oct 1, 2022)
    Update some features to improve the user experience. The application is built with the efforts and enthusiasm of the whole team. Hope to get your positive rating. Please share this App with your friends through the share to friends feature included in the App.
Version 1.2.9 (Sep 30, 2022)
    Update some features to improve the user experience. The application is built with the efforts and enthusiasm of the whole team. Hope to get your positive rating. Please share this App with your friends through the share to friends feature included in the App.
Version 1.1.9 (Sep 24, 2022)
    Update some features to improve the user experience. The application is built with the efforts and enthusiasm of the whole team. Hope to get your positive rating. Please share this App with your friends through the share to friends feature included in the App.
Version 1.0.9 (Aug 30, 2022)
    Update some features to improve the user experience. The application is built with the efforts and enthusiasm of the whole team. Hope to get your positive rating. Please share this App with your friends through the share to friends feature included in the App.
Version 1.0.5 (Aug 16, 2022)
    Update some features to improve the user experience. The application is built with the efforts and enthusiasm of the whole team. Hope to get your positive rating. 
Version 1.0.2 (Aug 11, 2022)
    Update more utility features. The application is built with the efforts and enthusiasm of the whole team. Hope to get your positive rating. Please share this App with your friends through the share to friends feature included in the App.
Version 1.0.1 (Aug 8, 2022)
    Update more utility features. The application is built with the efforts and enthusiasm of the whole team. Hope to get your positive rating. Please share this App with your friends through the share to friends feature included in the App.
Version 1.0.0 (Aug 5, 2022)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Translate All Language ®
Talking Translator!
Speak and Translate - Voice
Translate Duo Live Translator
Language Translator Camera OCR
Translate AI - Translator
Translator : Translate Voice
Translator: English to Spanish
Voice and Text Translator App
Voice Translator- All Language
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Translation
Translation
Apps that help users translate words or texts from one language into another.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
No data is available.
Versions

    9.9.15
    Current release
    Dec 9, 2023
    9.9.12
    Nov 15, 2023
    9.9.9
    Nov 3, 2023
    2.9.9
    Nov 13, 2022
    1.9.9
    Oct 27, 2022
    1.5.9
    Oct 1, 2022
    1.2.9
    Sep 30, 2022
    1.1.9
    Sep 24, 2022
    1.0.9
    Aug 30, 2022
    1.0.5
    Aug 16, 2022
    1.0.2
    Aug 11, 2022
    1.0.1
    Aug 8, 2022
    1.0.0
    Aug 5, 2022

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Monthly Premium
    $17.99
    Weekly Premium
    $6.99
    Yearly Premium
    $116.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Productivity

Initial Release Date
    Aug 5, 2022

Worldwide Release Date
    Aug 5, 2022

Last Updated Time
    Feb 8, 2024

Version
    9.9.15

Size
    88.03 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English

Seller
    AmazinPro Technology Solutions And Training Company Limited

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.amazinpro.eTranslator

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1635502075

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Talk Translator : Voice, Photo | data.ai
