Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Translate Keyboard+ Translator
iApp CreationReference (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Translate Keyboard+ Translator
    Translate Keyboard+ Translator

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Translate Keyboard+ Translator
Fast&Easy~text word languages
Reference (Applications)
Free
App Promotional Text
Translate Keyboard+,Translate any text without switching apps. Use everydays with your favorite apps.
App Description
Type like Native. Translate Keyboard+ is the whole new way to translate any text without switching apps while you Chat, Comments, Post, Taking Note, Writing, selling stuff, shopping online and any text as long as you can launch the keyboard.

We bundled the whole Translate app into your keyboard that you use everydays with your favorite apps

No more confusing switching to translate app to copy and paste so many times to finish your only short sentence.

Chat with your foreigner friends? No problem surprising them with their native language.

Taking note with some other foreign language? So easy just copy the text.

Don’t know what language it is? No problem, Our translate keyboard will auto-detect language and translate to your desired language.

Whether you are traveling to find new experiences, new places, meet new people or learn new languages.Translate Keyboard will make the language no longer an obstacle to you. Just copy and translate.

Translate Keyboard+ provides a flawless translation experience in every app you need.Unlike other translators which interrupt the flow by forcing you to switch to another app but Translate Keyboard, you can instantly translate the language you want without switching apps.

KEY FEATURES
• Built-in translator app within keyboard
• Copy or Type to translate in Chat, Shopping or Document never be this easy and fast.
• Can use more than 100+ languages ​​such as English, Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Spanish, Italian, French, German and many more.
• Browse through translation history and stores translation records for later access.
• Keep favorite translations for more convenient when your wanna use them again.

HOW TO USE
Open keyboard,tap and hold the Globe key to switch to Translate Keyboard. After that, select the destination language.Type the text you'd like to translate. Tap "Translate" and send your message Now!

If you'd like to translate a message you received, tap and hold it until an option to "Copy" appears. Tap “Copy” and the translation will appear in the same place!

Full access is needed to communicate with the translator, the keyboard cannot function otherwise. We do not get access to everything you write, only the last sentence of the text field in focus when you are using Translate Keyboard. We do not store or keep a record of anything you translate, please read our Privacy Policy for further information.


Translate Keyboard+ PRO
With a Translate Keyboard+ PRO subscription, you have unlimited access to all features
- Advertisements will be removed automatically
- Unlimited access to Unlimited translate
- Unlimited access to Translate history
- Unlimited access to music feature


If you upgrade Translate Keyboard+ PRO subscription, payment will be charged to your iTune account. And your account will be charged for renewal 24-hours prior to the endow the current period. Subscriptions may be managed by you and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to your Account Settings after purchase. Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when you purchase a subscription.


Please read our Privacy Policy for further information.
Privacy Policy: https://iappcreation.com/privacy-policy/translatekeyboard
Term of use : https://iappcreation.com/privacy-policy/translatekeyboard#terms


Report any suggestions/questions.
Contact us at support@iappcreation.com.
Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.06
Total Displayed Ratings
17

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 1.0.2 (Dec 22, 2020)
    NEW!! Fully support for iPhone 12, iPhone 12 Pro and iPhone 12 Pro Max
    NEW!! Fully optimized New iPad
    NEW!! Fully support iOS 14.2
    Bug Fixes & Enhancement
Version 1.0.1 (Oct 20, 2020)
    Bug Fixes & Enhancement
Version 1.0.0 (Jul 13, 2020)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
TransKey - Chat Translator App
Language Translator: Easy・Fast
ChatAll - A language app
Translator+ Free my voice now
Arabic Keyboard : Translator
All Languages Translation
Translator : Multi Language
Translate All Language Text
BeLingual - Language Learning
Translator. Translate Voice
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Keyboard
Keyboard
Apps that allow users to choose and customize their keyboards as well as provide various fonts and themes for their keyboard.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
iPhone Market
Not featuredon App Store homepage
1 time
on App Store category pages
Versions

    1.0.2
    Current release
    Dec 22, 2020
    1.0.1
    Oct 20, 2020
    1.0.0
    Jul 13, 2020

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Translate Keyboard+ PRO(Year)
    $41.99
    Translate Keyboard+ PRO(Month)
    $5.99

About

Required Devices
    iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Reference

Initial Release Date
    Jul 13, 2020

Worldwide Release Date
    Jul 13, 2020

Last Updated Time
    Mar 4, 2024

Version
    1.0.2

Size
    157.24 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English, Thai

Seller
    i-App Creation Co., Ltd.

Company HQ
    Thailand

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 12.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.iappcreation.translatekeyboard

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    No

Has iMessage
    No

App Support Url

App Privacy Policy Url

Developer Account Website

Company Website

App ID: 1509616986

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Translate Keyboard+ Translator | data.ai
