Skip to main content
Intelligence
Free

Home
Discover

Mobile Performance Score
Analyze

Optimize

Creatives

        Keyword Search

Translate AI - Translator
Maxima AppsProductivity (Applications)Free
Alerts

    Translate AI - Translator
    Translate AI - Translator

Info
App Summary
SDKs
Timeline
App Store Rankings
Daily Ranks
Rank History
Downloads & Revenue
Downloads & Revenue
Ad Revenue
In-App Purchases  New
Usage & Engagement
Usage
User Retention
Cross-App/Web Usage
Demographics
Reviews
Ratings Over Time
User Acquisition
ASO Keywords
Paid Search
Keyword Defense
Featured
Advertising
Ad Monetization
App Overview
Select localized version
Countries or Region
Worldwide
Performance Summary
Downloads
N/A
Store Revenue
N/A
Active Users
N/A
% Paid Downloads
N/A
Translate AI - Translator
Converse & language iTranslate
Productivity (Applications)
Free
App Description
Translate AI turns your iPhone/Apple Watch/iPad into a translation device!

Translate AI - Translator uses Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning for best translation. It is a very simple yet powerful translator app which will easily translate any voice, text or image in 100+ languages. Forget about language fear when you travel in a new country. This small yet powerful tool will act as your assistant anywhere you go, be it café, hotel/taxi bookings, purchasing grocery and for even conducting small talks with strangers. Asking for directions, reading board signs on streets can all be done within seconds using this all new app.

KEY Features -

1) Voice - to - Voice
Choose from any supported language and speak to translate. The app will automatically detects the correct language for a fast and accurate translation. your voice and translate it in your chosen output language or you can even read it on the screen.

2) Text - to - Text
Enter the word or sentence you want to translate and receive the results in your desired language within seconds!

3) Camera- to -Text
Snap a picture of the text/image you want to translate and the app will automatically detect and translate it for you in your chosen language.

4) History
Keep a track of all the translations that you have done. So, you don’t have to translate one word over and over again. Saves time!

PRO Features:

1) Remove usage limit in voice to voice translation, text translation.

2) Remove character limit in text translation.

3) Translate any picture or text using camera, for example menus, sign, maps, or any paper document

Voice-to-Voice Supported Languages:

Arabic (Egypt),Arabic (Saudi Arabia),Arabic (UAE),Chinese (Cantonese),Chinese (Mandarin),Chinese (Taiwan), Danish, Dutch, English (Australia),English (UK),English (US),Filipino,Finnish,French (Canada),French (France) German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian,Italian,Japanese,Korean,Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese(Brazil),Portuguese (Portugal),Russian,Slovak,Spanish (Mexico),Spanish (Spain),Spanish (United States), Swedish, Turkish, Ukrainian,Vietnamese

Text-to-Text Supported Languages: Supported in 100+ Languages

• An internet connection is required to use the app.

SUBSCRIPTION PRICING & TERMS:

We offer following auto-renewing subscription options:
$4.99 / Week
$9.99 / Month
$49.99 / year

Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off for at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period at the cost of the chosen package.
Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase.
No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during the active subscription period.
Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication.

*Prices are equal to the value that "Apple's App Store Matrix" determines is the equivalent of the subscription price in $USD.

Privacy Policy : https://maximaapps.com/policy/privacy_policy.html
Terms of Use : https://maximaapps.com/policy/terms_of_use.html









Ratings
Displayed Avg Ratings
4.54
Total Displayed Ratings
1.7k

Total Displayed Ratings
Pie chart with 5 slices.
End of interactive chart.
© 2024 data.ai Intelligence | sebastian.ziche@uni-potsdam.de
See More
What's New

Version 2.1 (Nov 29, 2022)
    In this version of the update, we have made performance improvements and fixed bugs and crashes.
Version 2.0 (Jan 19, 2022)
    In this update, we have redesigned your favourite Translator app making me it much more easier and convenient to use.
    Apart from the design changes, we have added the most demanded tool, AR Translator. Now simply point your camera at an object and you can identify it in the language of your choosing!

    Along with this, we have resolved the few bug fixes and crashes.
Version 1.0 (Aug 4, 2020)

Users may also like
Select objects to compare
Translate Me - Live Translator
Translate and Translation
AI Voice Translator Translate
OkTalk Keyboard Translator
Voice Language Translator Pro
Translate - Camera Translator
Translator ·
Voice Translator•
Translate - All Language
Translator + Safari Extension
IQ Classifications
Genre: Utility & Productivity
Subgenre: Translation
Translation
Apps that help users translate words or texts from one language into another.
Downloads Rank
Store Revenue Rank
Screenshots
Last Featured (Global)
iPhone Market
Not featuredon App Store homepage
1 time
on App Store category pages
Versions

    2.1
    Current release
    Nov 29, 2022
    2.0
    Jan 19, 2022
    1.0
    Aug 4, 2020

See More
Top In-App Purchases

    Unlimited Access Weekly
    $4.99
    Unlimited Access Yearly
    $48.99
    Unlimited Access Monthly
    $10.99

About

Required Devices
    Mac, Apple Watch, iPhone, iPad, Other iOS Device

Category
    Productivity

Initial Release Date
    Aug 4, 2020

Worldwide Release Date
    Aug 4, 2020

Last Updated Time
    Mar 2, 2024

Version
    2.1

Size
    209.04 mb

Only 32 Bit
    No

Languages
    English, Arabic, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese

Seller
    Maxima Apps

Content Rating
    Rated 4+

Family Sharing
    Yes

Requirement
    Requires iOS 13.0 and watchOS 6.1 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch.

Bundle ID
    com.maximaapp.VoiceTranslator

Has Game Center
    No

Supports Apple watch
    Yes (Aug 4, 2020)

Has iMessage
    No

App Support Url

App Privacy Policy Url

App ID: 1518752122

The data was collected from the App Store. Please note data.ai is not responsible for the content provided by the App Store.
© 2024 data.ai
About data.ai
Help Center
About our API
Data Usage Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Translate AI - Translator | data.ai
